random	noun/verb	location	#1 String	#2 String
optimization	N	2-3	the simultaneous optimization of growth and profitability	to promote the optimization and diversification of agricultural products
base	N	1-6	the base of the triangle	the attack wiped out our forward bases
make	V	4-6	How much do you make a month in your new job ?	You have to spend money to make money !
shake	V	0-1	shake one 's head	She shook her finger at the naughty students
face	N	4-7	They climbed the north face of the mountain .	She wanted to wipe him off the face of the earth .
sale	N	5-3	They are having a clearance sale : 50 % off .	they held a sale to reduce their inventory
play	N	3-5	they gave full play to the artist 's talent	the coach drew up the plays for her team
hold	V	6-2	To carry well , i.e. to hold the head high , with arching neck	This theory holds for all irrational numbers
charge	V	3-2	I need to charge my car battery	He came charging into my office
back	N	6-6	he wrote the date on the back of the photograph	I hung the clothes on the back of the door .
grow	V	5-4	In these forests , mushrooms grow under the trees	her hair does n't grow much anymore
cut	V	0-0	cut recording tape	cut from one scene to another
gob	N	4-5	He′s always stuffing his gob with fast food .	She 's got such a gob on her – she′s always gossiping about someone or other .
air	N	7-4	The flock of birds took to the air .	I need some fresh air
monopoly	N	1-4	a monopoly on silver	when you have a monopoly you can ask any price you like
come	V	0-1	come into contact with a terrorist group	Understanding comes from experience
make	V	2-3	Do n't make this into a big deal	This invention will make you a millionaire
advance	V	1-1	To advance the ripening of fruit	To advance one 's interests
extend	V	2-1	The facts extend beyond a consideration of her personal assets	She extended her visit by another day
run	V	2-4	Interest rates run from 5 to 10 percent	Our coach had us running plays for the whole practice .
make	V	0-0	make clay into bricks	make water into wine
one	N	3-4	he has the one but will need a two and three to go with it	they had lunch at one
charge	V	0-3	charge the wagon with hay	Will I get charged for this service ?
sense	N	1-1	a sense of self	a sense of danger
presence	N	3-4	he sensed the presence of danger	he tested for the presence of radon
see	V	0-4	see a movie	This program will be seen all over the world
multiply	V	3-3	He managed to multiply his profits	He had been multiplying , but it occurred to him he needed to resolve the exponents , first .
saving	N	3-8	there was a saving of 50 cents	The shift of the supplier gave us a saving of 10 percent .
float	V	0-2	float the plaster	The balloon floated off into the distance .
cut	V	0-4	cut class	The employer wants to cut back health benefits
defensiveness	N	1-11	his defensiveness was manifested in hurt silence	the fear of being sued for malpractice has magnified physicians ' defensiveness
touch	V	3-5	I would n't touch her with a ten - foot pole	The local Mafia wo n't touch gambling
origin	N	0-1	origin in sensation	vegetable origins
tab	N	4-2	files with a red tab will be stored separately	pull the tab to open the can
repertory	N	3-1	has a large repertory of dialects and characters	the repertory of the supposed feats of mesmerism
lead	N	9-5	we were just waiting for someone to take the lead	they did n't follow our lead
side	N	7-6	The patient was bleeding on the right side .	he had a pain in his side
top	N	7-5	the title should be written at the top of the first page	he got a bright red top and string for his birthday
life	N	6-1	he wanted to live his own life without interference from others	The life of this milk carton may be thousands of years in this landfill .
wound	N	7-8	deep in her breast lives the silent wound	he feared that mentioning it might reopen the wound
loaf	N	1-1	sugar loaf	a loaf of cheese
eye	N	5-3	he has an artist 's eye	she has an eye for fresh talent
go	V	5-2	The washing machine wo n't go unless it 's plugged in	her face went red with anger
end	N	5-4	no one wanted to play end	they rode to the end of the line
sale	N	6-5	he has just made his first sale	they had to complete the sale before the banks closed
beam	V	1-2	To beam forth light	The fire beamed on their faces
be	V	2-3	I shall be writing to you soon .	The postman has been today , but my tickets have still not yet come .
place	N	5-5	If you were in my place what would you do ?	a political system with no place for the less prominent groups
paste	V	0-2	paste the sign on the wall	cut and paste the sentence in the text
earth	V	0-9	earth the circuit	That noise is because the amplifier is not properly earthed .
turn	V	18-5	The hillside behind our house is n't generally much to look at , but once all the trees turn it 's gorgeous .	In Vermont , the leaves turn early
trial	N	1-5	a trial of progesterone failed to relieve the pain	candidates must compete in a trial of skill
text	N	5-8	they handed out the printed text of the mayor 's speech	there were more than a thousand words of text
system	N	1-3	a system generating hydrogen peroxide	in a static system oil can not be replaced by water on a surface
change	N	5-5	The product is undergoing a change in order to improve it .	this storm is certainly a change for the worse
be	V	2-1	I shall be writing to you soon .	Why is it so dark in here ?
beat	V	1-1	Thugs beat him up when he walked down the street late at night	Agassi beat Becker in the tennis championship
cut	V	1-0	She cut the deck for a long time	cut a disk
work	V	0-4	work one 's way through the crowd	She never did any work because she inherited a lot of money
go	V	4-2	This sofa wo n't go with the chairs	We should go farther in this matter
voice	N	3-3	the wee small voice of conscience	he said his voices told him to do it
know	V	1-1	I know that the President lied to the people	I know it 's time
answer	V	0-0	answer the telephone	answer the door
come	V	1-3	Melons come from a vine	your wish will come true
window	N	2-3	the expanded window will give us time to catch the thieves	they had a window of less than an hour when an attack would have succeeded
catch	V	2-2	did you catch that allusion ?	If he catches you on the chin , you 'll be on the mat .
drink	V	3-1	The patient must drink several liters each day	He drank out of the goblet .
quality	N	14-3	While being impulsive can be great for artists , it is not a desirable quality for engineers .	One of the qualities of pure iron is that it does not rust easily .
land	N	7-6	he made it the law of the land	there 's no work on the land any more
construct	V	0-0	construct an argument	construct a proof
voice	N	2-2	the noisy voice of the waterfall	the incessant voices of the artillery
make	N	1-1	what make of car is that ?	He made a real mess of the last shuffle .
mount	V	0-0	mount a theater production	mount a play
level	N	4-6	the water reached ankle level	the pictures were at the same level
mean	V	1-2	I mean no harm	I only meant to help you
system	N	9-4	we ca n't do it unless we establish some system around here	the body has a system of organs for digestion
draw	V	0-1	draw pulp from the fruit	To draw a memorial , a deed , or bill of exchange
cut	V	1-2	She cut all of her major titles again	The coach cut two players from the team
furniture	N	9-4	The woman does not even have one stick of furniture moved in yet .	they had too much furniture for the small apartment
raise	V	1-0	To raise somebody to office	raise the specter of unemployment
fall	V	0-1	fall into a strange way of thinking	She fell ill
field	N	8-6	anthropologists do much of their work in the field	He needs some time in the field before his judgment can be trusted .
carry	V	2-1	These bonds carry warrants	We carry a very large mortgage
make	V	0-0	make friends	make lead into gold
lift	V	0-0	lift my spirits	lift his ego
extension	N	1-7	the extension of ` satellite of Mars ' is the set containing only Demos and Phobos	A text file will have a file extension of .txt .
vehicle	N	4-5	his editorials provided a vehicle for his political views	the play was just a vehicle to display her talents
streak	N	2-7	had a streak of bad luck	I hope I can keep up this streak of accomplishments .
immolate	V	0-2	immolate the valuables at the temple	The Aztecs immolated human victims
gather	V	6-12	Be careful not to stretch or gather your knitting .	If you want to emphasise the shape , it is possible to gather the waistline .
shuffle	V	1-1	You shuffle , I 'll deal .	He shuffled his funds among different accounts in various countries so as to avoid the IRS
break	V	1-4	Twigs break off of those branches easily .	The newsman wanted to break a big story , something that would make him famous .
mercy	N	3-5	It was a mercy that we were not inside when the roof collapsed	he threw himself on the mercy of the court
charge	N	5-4	he was arrested on a charge of larceny	The child was a charge of the nanny .
masquerade	N	1-3	That masquerade of misrepresentation which invariably accompanied the political eloquence of Rome - Thomas de Quincey	a beggar 's masquerade of wealth
get	V	3-1	What do you get when you add up these numbers ?	I got a computer from my parents for my birthday .
prescription	N	5-10	I tried to follow her prescription for success	he told the doctor that he had been taking his prescription regularly
way	N	4-3	I felt the same way	that 's the way it is
run	V	2-0	Do n't run that software unless you have permission . '	Run the dishwasher
letter	N	3-3	mailed an indignant letter to the editor	A blood - letter
make	V	3-0	He did n't make the choir after his voice changed .	make a dress
style	N	2-2	a cartilaginous style	The anal styles of insects
touch	V	3-2	I would n't touch her with a ten - foot pole	She never touched her husband
go	V	2-6	Let 's go this way for a while .	Do you think the sofa will go through the door ?     The belt just barely went around his waist .
performance	N	5-5	we congratulated him on his performance at the rehearsal	the play ran for 100 performances
evil	N	6-5	attempts to explain the origin of evil in the world	Do n't go giving me evils !
blow	V	1-2	To blow a horse	The whales blew
run	V	4-2	The crowd had to run away from the burning structure with only the clothes on their backs .	he is running the Marathon this year
shopping	N	3-6	she loaded her shopping into the car"women carrying home shopping did n't give me a second glance	On Saturdays we usually do the shopping .
head	N	1-6	a head of steam	the office was full of secret heads
develop	V	0-2	develop land	The country developed its natural resources
give	V	0-2	give priority to	Can I give you my keys while I go in the pool ?
area	N	8-1	The photo is a little dark in that area .	the area of a rectangle
work	V	0-3	work one 's muscles	My personal trainer works me hard
cut	V	3-0	she could not cut the long days in the office	cut grain
work	V	7-2	this unpleasant situation is n't going to work itself out	The wine worked
beat	V	0-0	beat one 's breast	beat one 's foot rhythmically
nick	N	7-9	He 's just been released from Shadwell nick prison after doing ten years for attempted murder .	He was arrested and taken down to Sun Hill nick police station to be charged .
hum	N	1-4	the hum of distant traffic	They could hear a hum coming from the kitchen , and found the dishwasher on .
line	N	5-1	they attacked the enemy 's line	the line stretched clear around the corner
come	V	0-2	come into contact with a terrorist group	Their anger came to a boil
look	V	2-2	My backyard look onto the pond	The house looks north
make	V	0-0	make a decision	make advances
matter	N	1-7	Printed matter ;    He always took some reading matter with him on the plane .	they were friends and it was no matter who won the games
cut	V	3-0	We had to cut short the conversation	cut the noise
follow	V	1-1	Please follow the guide through the museum	She followed a guru for years
point	V	0-3	point the letter	the dancers toes pointed outward
space	N	3-5	the architect left space in front of the building	they stopped at an open space in the jungle
wall	N	4-1	We 're adding another wall in this room during the remodeling .	the walls were covered with pictures
use	V	0-6	use the plastic bags to store the food	He does n't know how to use a computer
head	N	2-6	under the head of minor Roman poets	they tracked him back toward the head of the stream
flare	N	5-2	infection can cause a lupus flare	a colitis flare
book	N	5-1	Many readers find the first book of A Tale of Two Cities to be confusing .	the book of Isaiah
join	V	3-3	Parallel lines never join .     These two rivers join in about 80 miles .	The two roads join here
pull	V	0-0	pull the trigger of the gun	Pull the handle towards you
wash	V	2-1	Can you wash away the spots on the windows ?	he washed the dirt from his coat
fatigue	N	1-6	political fatigue	the American public is experiencing scandal fatigue
drive	V	0-2	drive the forest	She is driving away at her doctoral thesis
extension	N	6-7	most BASIC files use the filename extension .BAS	A text file will have a file extension of .txt .
wave	N	1-4	a wave of conservatism in the country led by the hard right	there was a sudden wave of buying before the market closed
send	V	1-1	To send a message , or a letter	Nora sent me the book .
dwelling	N	6-4	The old house served as a dwelling for Albert .	he built a modest dwelling near the pond
fire	V	5-1	In warfare , whoever opens fire first has a greater chance of victory .	Surrender fires the cold skepticism
position	N	8-6	Chief of Staff is the second - highest position in the army .	atheists do not enjoy a favorable position in American life
reaction	N	7-5	he was pleased by the audience 's reaction to his performance	John feared his mother 's reaction when she saw the broken lamp
make	V	4-1	How much do you make a month in your new job ?	This makes a fine introduction
weakness	N	1-8	the weakness of the dollar against the yen	In a small number of horses , muscle weakness may progress to paralysis .
plagiarism	N	7-6	Even if it 's not illegal , plagiarism is usually frowned upon .	Copy from one , it 's plagiarism . Copy from two , it 's research .
hold	V	2-0	I 'll hold you by your promise	hold one 's nose
stuff	V	0-4	stuff a pillow with feathers	My nose is all stuffed
weapon	N	13-5	The club that is now mostly used for golf was once a common weapon .	he used all his conversational weapons
hold	V	0-2	hold your breath	What 's holding that mirror ?
lumberyard	N	6-6	I 'll just go to the lumberyard and buy some more two by fours so we can finish building this .	He got a job at the lumberyard , working the big saw for planks .
chain	N	1-1	A chain of mountains	the chain of command
break	V	0-4	break the cycle of poverty	The newsman wanted to break a big story , something that would make him famous .
run	V	0-1	run a temperature	We ran the ad three times
break	V	0-3	break a circuit	His peccadilloes finally broke his marriage
sanitize	V	0-0	sanitize a document before releasing it to the press	sanitize history
keep	V	0-0	keep notes	keep open the possibility of a merger
get	V	3-0	I ca n't get these boots off ( or on ) .	Get me those books over there , please
work	V	4-2	This dough does not work easily ;    the soft metal works well	Can you work an electric drill ?
line	N	4-3	they were arrayed in line of battle	He drew a line on the chart
tell	V	2-2	He could tell that she was unhappy	Can you tell whether those flowers are real or silk , from this distance ?     No , there 's no way to tell .
performance	N	5-2	we congratulated him on his performance at the rehearsal	the frequent performances of the symphony testify to its popularity
pull	N	6-5	he was sidelined with a hamstring pull	Iron fillings drawn by the pull of a magnet
foot	N	4-1	We went there by foot because we could not afford a taxi .	the foot of the list
break	V	0-4	break a promise	The flat plain was broken by tall mesas
dwelling	N	6-2	The old house served as a dwelling for Albert .	I was dwelling in the cave .
get	V	3-3	What did you get at the toy store ?	She did n't get his name when they met the first time
pull	V	0-0	pull one 's horse to a stand	pull the ball
start	V	0-1	start a new job	I start my day with a good breakfast
glimpse	N	7-4	from the window he could catch a glimpse of the lake	I only got a glimpse of the car , so I can tell you the colour but not the registration number .
bear	V	3-1	I can not bear his constant criticism	he bore himself with dignity
shortness	N	2-3	can cause shortness of breath	there was no shortness of money
turn	V	4-0	The alchemists tried to turn lead into gold	turn the corner
point	N	4-3	To fall off a point	he checked the point on his compass
talk	V	9-2	Although I do n't speak Chinese I managed to talk with the villagers using signs and gestures .	the baby talks already
order	N	5-4	an explosion of a low order of magnitude	it was on the order of a mile
work	V	4-4	This method does n't work	How does your idea work in practice ?
raise	V	0-8	raise a smile	Chew with your mouth shut — were you raised in a barn ?
crack	N	5-6	he opened the window a crack	I 'd like to take a crack at that game .
feel	V	4-1	I made the students feel different about themselves	He felt his flesh crawl
get	V	3-3	I ca n't get these boots off ( or on ) .	She did n't get the joke
admit	V	1-2	To admit a serious thought into the mind	A ticket admits one into a playhouse .
life	N	5-13	the oceans are teeming with life	Having experienced both , the vampire decided that he preferred ( un)death to life .
begin	V	0-0	begin a new chapter in your life	begin a cigar
shift	V	0-0	shift the emphasis	shift one 's attention
head	N	6-6	A reduction in the assessment per head of sheep	At five years of age this head of cattle is worth perhaps $ 40
carry	V	7-0	the dog was taught to fetch and carry	carry a cause
satellite	N	5-2	The Moon is a natural satellite of the Earth .	Many telecommunication satellites orbit at 36000 km above the equator .
grace	N	8-2	I 'm so grateful to God for the grace that He has given me .	God 's grace is manifested in the salvation of sinners
work	V	5-3	Start from the bottom and work towards the top	I can not work a miracle
antagonist	N	10-8	A flexor , which bends a part , is the antagonist of an extensor , which extends it .	when bending the elbow the triceps are the antagonist
develop	V	1-0	Please develop this roll of film for me	develop land
business	N	3-4	a racially integrated business concern	show me where the business was today
sex	N	10-6	( The believers ... those ... ) who abstain from sex	All you ever think about is sex .
head	N	4-6	matters came to a head yesterday	they tracked him back toward the head of the stream
break	V	0-2	break an alibi	The wholesaler broke the container loads into palettes and boxes for local retailers .
attack	N	2-5	open to attack by the elements	the film was sensitive to attack by acids
make	V	2-1	can you make me an omelette ?	I make the height about 100 feet
flatten	V	0-2	flatten a road	Mary would flatten the dough before rolling it into pretzels .
add	V	1-3	To add numbers	This paper will add to her reputation
carry	V	2-1	These bonds carry warrants	To carry an account to the ledger
anchorage	N	5-4	the plant needs a firm anchorage	the mother provides emotional anchorage for the entire family
deficit	N	5-4	the people concerned have a deficit in verbal memory	they have serious linguistic deficits
confluence	N	7-5	We encountered an abandoned boat at the confluence of the Mississippi and Ohio Rivers .	Pittsburgh is located at the confluence of the Allegheny and Monongahela rivers
make	V	3-0	What do you make of his remarks ?	make a dress
strength	N	1-5	the strength of the company 's stock in recent weeks	it was destroyed by the strength of the gale
normalize	V	0-0	normalize relations with China	normalize the spelling
peeler	N	1-4	Potato peeler	she invented a potato peeler
undergo	V	0-2	undergo a strange sensation	The chemical undergoes a sudden change
chain	N	5-1	This led to an unfortunate chain of events .	the chain of command
wash	V	3-9	he managed to wash out the stains	The car is so dirty , we need to wash it .
surprise	N	1-2	The surprise attack was devastating .	Imagine my surprise on learning I owed twice as much as I thought I did .
make	V	0-0	make clay into bricks	make an estimate
make	V	0-1	make merry	I make the height about 100 feet
raise	V	0-0	raise the roof	raise a shout
affinity	N	1-2	an affinity for politics	James 's affinity with Sam
say	V	4-2	What does the law say ?	The registrar says that I owe the school money
course	N	6-3	We offer seafood as the first course .	he took a course in basket weaving
war	N	1-1	the war against crime	the war on poverty
construction	N	4-5	He had worked in construction all his life .	their main business is home construction
state	N	1-4	his state of health	in a weak financial state
fail	V	1-4	I fail to understand your motives	A number of banks failed that year
spring	N	6-8	he will hold office until the spring of next year	the emerging buds were a sure sign of spring
end	N	1-6	one end of the box was marked ` This side up '	we have given it at the end of the section since it involves the calculus
business	N	7-2	They did nearly a million dollars of business over the long weekend .	Government and business could not agree
fire	N	4-0	We sat around the fire singing songs and telling stories .	fire was one of our ancestors ' first discoveries
hold	V	0-0	hold in place	Hold the pencil like this .
inventory	N	10-4	they stopped selling in exact sizes in order to reduce inventory	they carried a vast inventory of hardware
sing	V	5-2	" I really want to sing in the school choir . " said Vera .	My brother sings very well
area	N	7-1	it was about 500 square feet in area	the area of a rectangle
house	N	3-9	This is my house and my family 's ancestral home .	she felt she had to get out of the house
face	N	4-7	dew dripped from the face of the leaf	She wanted to wipe him off the face of the earth .
surgery	N	8-5	he read the warning in the doctor 's surgery	I dropped in on the surgery as I was passing to show the doctor my hemorrhoids .
reaction	N	12-2	When I last tried to eat strawberries I had a terrible allergic reaction .	a bad reaction to the medicine
point	V	4-3	It 's rude to point at other people .	the dancers toes pointed outward
take	V	2-3	I 'll take three salmon steaks	The escaped convict took to the hills
mean	V	1-1	I mean to go to Baddeck this summer .	I mean no harm
take	V	4-2	Tomorrow the doctor will take the cast off her arm .	Can you take this bag , please
date	N	4-7	they are up to date	we have n't heard from them to date
take	V	0-4	take vengeance	This surface will not take the dye
believe	V	2-3	Should we believe a publication like the National Enquirer ?	You can not believe this man
call	V	4-3	The mayor likes to call on some of the prominent citizens	We could always call on a friend .     The engineer called round whilst you were away .
practice	N	4-5	I took over his practice when he retired	it is not the local practice to wear shorts to dinner
offer	V	0-4	offer prayers to the gods	The Shakespeare Company is offering ` King Lear ' this month
sense	N	5-3	fortunately she had the good sense to run away	It 's common sense not to put metal objects in a microwave oven .
see	V	2-3	let 's see -- which movie should we see tonight ?	How nice to see you again !
work	V	4-2	She never did any work because she inherited a lot of money	the student worked a few jokes into his presentation
head	N	9-6	I could n't get his words out of my head	This song keeps going through my head .
way	N	4-2	if I had my way	a lonely way of life
make	V	3-3	He did n't make the choir after his voice changed .	They hope to make a bigger profit
catch	V	0-6	catch one 's breath	We have a big barrel to catch the rainwater
deliver	V	6-2	Deliver a package ;    deliver the mail	the guard delivered the criminal to the police
strip	V	0-2	strip a wall of its wallpaper	Norm will strip the old varnish before painting the chair .
cut	V	3-2	she could not cut the long days in the office	his opponent cut upward toward his chin
fall	V	1-2	payments fall on the 1st of the month	The onus fell on us
see	V	4-2	The minister does n't see anybody before noon	Can you see the bird in that tree ?
streak	N	5-2	I was on a winning streak until the fourth game , where I was dealt terrible cards .	had a streak of bad luck
splash	N	7-4	her red hat gave her outfit a splash of color	he made a great splash and then disappeared
book	N	5-3	they run things by the book around here	She opened the book to page 37 and began to read aloud .
start	V	1-3	I start my day with a good breakfast	The blood shed started when the partisans launched a surprise attack
take	V	0-3	take a pulse	You ca n't take credit for this !
foulness	N	4-3	mouths which speak such foulness must be cleansed	he understood the foulness of sin
answer	V	0-1	answer the door	She answered the door .
furniture	N	3-9	A chair is furniture . Sofas are also furniture .	The woman does not even have one stick of furniture moved in yet .
eye	N	3-5	she has an eye for fresh talent	he has an artist 's eye
go	V	2-1	Messages must go through diplomatic channels	Get going !
death	N	1-1	The death of my grandmother saddened the whole family .	her death came as a terrible shock
application	N	1-2	the application of indexes to tables of data	The iPhone application VR+ connects to major social networks .
back	N	1-10	his back was nicely tanned	they pinned a ` kick me ' sign on his back
rest	N	14-4	Now that we 're all in agreement , we can put that issue to rest .	The boulder came to rest just behind the house after rolling down the mountain .
bake	V	1-1	Potatoes bake to a crisp .	I baked a delicious cherry pie .
shoot	V	0-0	shoot a basket	shoot a goal
tail	N	25-4	After the burly macho nudists ' polar bear dip , their tails were spectacularly shrunk , so they looked like an immature kid 's innocent tail .	Most primates have a tail and fangs .
light	N	4-1	do you have a light ?	the light of my life
consummate	V	0-12	consummate a marriage	After the reception , he escorted her to the honeymoon suite to consummate their marriage .
take	V	2-3	Do you take me for a fool ?	How should I take this message ?
stop	V	4-2	Soon the rain will stop .	the car stopped
term	N	2-5	a prison term	He was sentenced to a term of six years in prison .
syrup	N	1-1	Maple syrup	Pancake syrup
space	N	5-8	they stopped at an open space in the jungle	they tested his ability to locate objects in space
head	N	1-1	12 head of big cattle and 14 head of branded calves	200 head of cattle and 50 head of horses
pull	N	1-5	the pull of the current	Iron fillings drawn by the pull of a magnet
masticate	V	0-5	masticate rubber	The cow stood , quietly masticating its cud .
pick	V	0-0	pick meat from a bone	pick up the tab
station	N	5-6	the train pulled into the station	he started looking for a gas station
be	V	4-2	When will the meeting be ?	The dog was drowned by the boy .
take	V	3-3	How should I take this message ?	He was often taken to be a man of means .
take	V	2-1	Can you take this bag , please	It takes nerve to do what she did
take	V	2-3	I 'll take three salmon steaks	You ca n't take credit for this !
rap	N	12-4	You ca n't act irresponsibly and then expect me to take the rap .	it was a bum rap
record	N	12-6	Al Smith used to say , ` Let 's look at the record '	his name is in all the record books
masquerade	N	3-1	a beggar 's masquerade of wealth	That masquerade of misrepresentation which invariably accompanied the political eloquence of Rome - Thomas de Quincey
use	N	1-4	The use of torture has been condemned by the United Nations ;    there is no use for your invention	he warned against the use of narcotic drugs
lead	N	2-5	a good lead for a job	they did n't follow our lead
life	N	5-3	he hoped for a new life in Australia	pottery was his life
wall	N	1-2	a wall of water	the south wall had a small window
stretch	N	3-2	he did a stretch in the federal penitentiary	there were stretches of boredom
break	V	3-1	I had to break a $ 100 bill just to buy the candy	Someone broke in while I was on vacation
admit	V	3-2	We can not admit non - members into our club building	A ticket admits one into a playhouse .
curmudgeon	N	4-14	There 's a cranky curmudgeon working at the hospital who gives all the patients and other doctors flak .	John Doe 's old age and stubborn aversion to new ideas make him a curmudgeon of a candidate .
cut	V	0-3	cut from one scene to another	Would you please cut the cake ?
copy	N	3-3	catastrophes make good copy	she made a copy of the designer dress
cut	V	2-2	The sweat cut little rivulets into her face	This bread cuts easily
turn	V	4-2	the strong man could turn an iron bar	the company turned a good profit after a year
center	N	1-1	Shopping center	the center fumbled the handoff
difference	N	6-1	It just wo n't make much difference to me .	the difference in her is amazing
end	N	1-1	one end of the box was marked ` This side up '	the ends justify the means
militate	V	1-1	To militate against the possibility of his election .	Politeness militated against this opinion being expressed
sanitize	V	0-0	sanitize a document before releasing it to the press	sanitize the language in a book
keep	V	2-8	The students keep me on my toes	There 's little to earn and many to keep
lob	V	0-3	lob the tennis ball	The tennis player lobbed the ball , which was a costly mistake .
hum	N	4-1	They could hear a hum coming from the kitchen , and found the dishwasher on .	the hum of distant traffic
see	V	2-4	Do you see what I mean ?	The minister does n't see anybody before noon
raise	V	0-0	raise a siege	raise a family
break	V	3-3	I had to break a $ 100 bill just to buy the candy	his voice is breaking -- he should no longer sing in the choir
cut	V	0-0	cut grain	cut a disk
implication	N	4-9	he was suspected of implication in several robberies	the expectation was spread both by word and by implication
bum	N	2-9	a lazy bum	That guy keeps interrupting the concert . Throw the bum out !
turn	V	0-0	turn the earth in the Spring	turn a somersault
see	V	13-3	They 're blind to the damage they do , but someday they 'll see .	The 1960 's saw the rebellion of the younger generation against established traditions
wall	N	2-4	the south wall had a small window	We 're adding another wall in this room during the remodeling .
run	V	3-5	The horse will run the Preakness next year .	I 'm not ready to run a marathon .
head	N	1-1	the head of the nail " , " a pinhead is the head of a pin	200 head of cattle and 50 head of horses
make	V	3-1	She may not make the grade	He makes a great host
tact	N	2-4	I used tact when I told my fat uncle that his extra weight made him look better .	By the use of tact , she was able to calm her jealous husband .
work	V	0-1	work the clay until it is soft	They worked on her to join the group .
leave	V	3-0	She did n't leave until midnight	leave the flowers that you see in the park behind
development	N	2-1	the slow development of her skill as a writer	the development of his ideas took many years
scene	N	5-4	The crazy lady made a scene in the grocery store .	They saw an angry scene outside the pub .
patch	N	2-3	a cabbage patch	Does n't that patch of clouds looks like a bunny ?
sale	N	6-9	you 'll find vitamin C for sale at most pharmacies	the new line of cars will soon be on sale
scrub	V	3-3	Engineers had to scrub the satellite launch due to bad weather .	we had to scrub our vacation plans
sum	N	1-1	the sum of all our troubles did not equal the misery they suffered	The sum of forty pounds
machinery	N	2-1	the complex machinery of negotiation	the machinery of command labored and brought forth an order
body	N	8-1	Penny was in the scullery , pressing the body of her new dress .	heavenly body
find	V	6-1	These aspects of civilization do not find expression or receive an interpretation	She found that he had lied to her
third	N	9-6	he was cut down on a close play at third	a simple harmony written in major thirds
carry	V	2-3	You must carry your camping gear	This land will carry ten cows to the acre
run	V	0-0	run a risk	run a temperature
develop	V	2-2	Could you develop the ideas in your thesis	The patient developed abdominal pains
get	V	2-3	We 'll get them !	This time I got him
rub	V	0-2	rub oil into her skin	The cat rubbed itself against my leg .
meet	V	4-2	The company agrees to meet the cost of any repairs .	This proposal meets my requirements .
make	V	0-1	make my day	This makes the third infraction
leave	V	3-1	She did n't leave until midnight	I left my keys inside the car and locked the doors
feeder	N	2-2	a bark feeder	a mud feeder
place	N	5-4	If you were in my place what would you do ?	he has a special place in my thoughts
pull	V	0-3	pull the cooked chicken into strips	A declining dollar pulled down the export figures for the last quarter
order	N	1-5	the order of Saint Benedict	an explosion of a low order of magnitude
sense	N	1-1	a sense of danger	a sense of self
save	V	2-2	This will save money	I 'll save you the trouble
shower	N	7-3	Her church group has planned an adoption shower .	he took a shower after the game
key	N	1-4	the key to development is economic integration	they were carrying two keys of heroin
dress	V	0-0	dress a turkey	dress the patient
block	V	0-5	block an attack	The offensive linemen tried to block the blitz .
forefront	N	8-6	the idea of motion was always to the forefront of his mind and central to his philosophy	That laboratory researches topics at the forefront of technology .
now	N	5-6	it worked up to right now	There is no better time than now .
follow	V	1-0	Teenagers follow their friends in everything	Follow these simple rules
cover	V	3-4	Does my policy cover accidental loss ?	The insurance wo n't cover this
coordinate	V	0-0	coordinate his actions with that of his colleagues	coordinate the painters , masons , and plumbers
touch	V	5-8	The local Mafia wo n't touch gambling	Are you all right ? You 've hardly touched your lunch .
practice	N	0-5	practice makes perfect	He will need lots of practice with the lines before he performs them .
go	V	6-2	Do you think the sofa will go through the door ?     The belt just barely went around his waist .	her eyesight went after the accident
carry	V	1-2	I carry her image in my mind 's eye	The senator carried his home state
hit	V	0-1	hit the bottle	He hit a home run
point	V	0-0	point a gun	point the letter
waste	V	0-1	waste heat	We waste the dirty water by channeling it into the sewer
development	N	8-1	in chess your should take care of your development before moving your queen	recent developments in Iraq
snap	V	1-1	To snap a whip	bullets snapped past us
pay	V	0-9	pay a debt	He was allowed to go as soon as he paid .
plot	N	7-3	the characters were well drawn but the plot was banal	they concocted a plot to discredit the governor
integrity	N	5-10	they admired his scrupulous professional integrity	he expects to find in us the common honesty and integrity of men of business
cut	V	0-1	cut the engine	She cut all of her major titles again
turn	V	18-0	The hillside behind our house is n't generally much to look at , but once all the trees turn it 's gorgeous .	turn the earth in the Spring
toy	V	1-0	To toy with a piece of food on one 's plate	toy with an idea
pump	V	0-2	pump bullets into the dummy	The athlete pumps weights in the gym
mean	V	5-1	You never understand what I mean !	Happiness means everything
take	V	3-11	How should I take this message ?	Looking at him as he came into the room , I took him for his father .
truck	V	0-1	truck fresh vegetables across the mountains	Amanda trucked the package from Philadelphia to her mother 's house .
wildness	N	7-3	Liza had always had a tendency to wildness	the element of wildness in his behavior was a protest against repressive convention
case	N	14-4	for English , a compositor will ordinarily have two such cases , the upper case containing the capitals and the lower case containing the small letters	that was not the case
support	N	4-6	they called for artillery support	he applied to the state for support
buy	V	5-3	I 'm not going to buy your stupid excuses anymore !	I ca n't buy this story
bum	N	4-2	That mechanic 's a bum - he could n't fix a yo - yo .	a lazy bum
beat	V	0-0	beat the cream	beat the subway fare
run	V	0-3	run a temperature	let the dogs run free
foot	N	4-1	curled up on the foot of the bed	the foot of the page
exercise	V	2-3	Some parents exercise their infants	this puzzle will exercise your mind
make	V	0-3	make love , not war	This salary increase makes no difference to my standard of living
misery	N	1-5	the misery and wretchedness of those slums is intolerable	she was exhausted by her misery and grief
cut	V	3-2	Would you please cut the cake ?	This knife cuts well
connect	V	3-2	The two streets connect to become a highway	Our computers connected together .
head	N	3-3	She gave great head .	They shot 20 head of quail
erase	V	3-1	The files will erase quickly .	I erased that note because it was wrong .
cut	V	3-0	We had to cut short the conversation	cut class
part	N	5-2	he wanted to feel a part of something bigger than himself	the rear part of the house
line	N	2-4	a washing line	he has a smooth line but I did n't fall for it
shock	N	2-8	the first shock of the earthquake came shortly after noon while workers were at lunch	The train hit the buffers with a great shock .
make	V	2-1	She 'll make a fine president .	We made for the mountains
break	V	0-0	break cigarette smoking	break a fall
end	N	1-1	the end of the year	one end of the box was marked ` This side up '
describe	V	5-1	The feeling is difficult to describe , but not unpleasant .	He described going to work .
work	V	3-2	I can not work a miracle	His fingers worked with tension
run	V	2-2	the heifers run with the bulls to produce offspring	he is running the Marathon this year
hit	V	2-2	The car hit a tree	The ball hit the fence .
class	N	3-6	an emerging professional class	flirting is not unknown in college classes
tea	N	8-11	the store shelves held many different kinds of tea	Would you be a dear and get me a cup of tea , please ?
wash	V	9-1	The car is so dirty , we need to wash it .	he washed the dirt from his coat
make	V	5-4	have , throw , or make a party	This company is what made you .
take	V	0-4	take a scene	Tomorrow the doctor will take the cast off her arm .
check	V	0-0	check the brakes	Check the growth of communism in South East Asia
be	V	2-4	I may be an hour	When will the meeting be ?
side	N	5-6	it brought out his better side	they always sat on the right side of the church
post	V	2-0	I 'll post the news on the bulletin board	Post a sentinel in front of the door .
catch	V	3-2	ears open to catch every sound	If he catches you on the chin , you 'll be on the mat .
blip	N	7-5	renewed jitters in the wake of a blip in retail sales	the market had one bad blip today
work	V	3-4	The artist 's work influenced the young painter	This dough does not work easily ;    the soft metal works well
use	V	2-6	we only use Spanish at home	He does n't know how to use a computer
date	N	3-11	I arranged a date with my Australian business partners .	she asked how to avoid kissing at the end of a date
come	V	3-2	your wish will come true	The bill came to $ 2,000
keep	V	3-3	I can not keep track of all my employees	He has been keeping orchids since retiring .
trust	V	2-3	We can trust in God	In God We Trust - written on denominations of US currency
know	V	1-2	We know this movie	Do you know my sister ?
play	V	3-7	Charlie likes to play Mary	The engine has a wheel that is playing in a rack
draw	V	7-2	A ship 's sail is said to draw when it is filled with wind .	This horse draws well .
assumption	N	1-6	Their assumption of his guilt disqualified them from jury duty .	any society is built upon certain assumptions
pick	V	1-2	To pick rags	She finally picked her successor
eye	N	4-5	That dress caught her eye .	he tried to catch her eye
chain	N	1-6	A chain of ideas , one leading to the next	The third link of the silver chain needs to be resoldered .
draw	V	0-0	draw a weapon	draw a wagon
work	V	5-4	Start from the bottom and work towards the top	This dough does not work easily
mount	V	0-0	mount an attack	mount a theater production
break	V	5-0	The book dealer would not break the set	break off the negotiations
lift	N	4-4	He gave me a lift to the bus station .	he gave me a lift home
run	V	0-5	run a subject	I 'm not ready to run a marathon .
burn	V	1-2	To burn the mouth with pepper	She was burning with anger
motion	N	5-3	the cinema relies on apparent motion	he made a motion to adjourn
throw	N	8-7	Football tickets are expensive at fifty bucks a throw .	he could n't afford $ 50 a throw
call	V	3-0	We could always call on a friend .     The engineer called round whilst you were away .	Call the outcome of an election
tolerate	V	3-2	he learned to tolerate the heat	I can tolerate working on Saturdays , but not on Sundays .
haul	V	0-0	haul nets	haul stones
dozen	N	3-7	I ordered two dozen doughnuts .	There should n't be more than two dozen Christmas cards left to write .
point	N	4-3	10.5 ( " ten point five " ; = ten and a half )	he stuck the point of the knife into a tree
wall	N	4-1	We 're adding another wall in this room during the remodeling .	stomach walls
give	V	4-1	This material does n't give	He gave his life for his children
keep	V	0-0	keep count	keep appointments
taste	N	4-4	arrogance and lack of taste contributed to his rapid success	she enjoyed her brief taste of independence
stick	N	1-6	A stick of wood	The recipe calls for half a stick of butter .
make	V	3-0	What do you make of his remarks ?	make a stir
kill	V	0-2	kill the engine	She was killed in the collision of three cars
place	N	11-5	We thought we would win but only ended up in fourth place .	If you were in my place what would you do ?
go	V	5-5	These ugly billboards have to go !	This chair has got to go .
licking	N	5-4	Our football team took a licking last night .	they suffered a convincing licking
rule	N	1-8	the rule of St. Dominic	he determined the upper bound with Descartes ' rule of signs
carry	V	0-1	carry a cause	I carry her image in my mind 's eye
set	N	1-1	a set of teeth	a set of books
save	V	2-2	I 'll save you the trouble	This will save money
break	V	3-9	Did you two break the trolley by racing with it ?	On the hottest day of the year the refrigerator broke .
clear	V	3-2	The check will clear within 2 business days	The sky cleared after the storm
fall	V	4-4	The line of men fall forward	The most difficult task fell on the youngest member of the team
evade	V	5-4	This difficult idea seems to evade her	The con man always evades
respect	N	7-2	he went to law school out of respect for his father 's wishes	he inspires respect
body	N	1-1	a body of precedents	a body of doctrine
break	V	6-4	I do n't know how to break this to you , but your cat is not coming back .	News of her death broke in the morning
life	N	13-0	Having experienced both , the vampire decided that he preferred ( un)death to life .	life depends on many chemical and physical processes
war	N	2-9	The " war on terror " is a campaign against terrorist crime .	In the US , conservatives rail against the " war on Christmas " .
bite	N	4-12	the government 's weekly bite from my paycheck	After just one night in the jungle I was covered with mosquito bites .
carry	V	1-2	To carry the war from Greece into Asia	The airwaves carry the sound
remember	V	3-1	I ca n't remember saying any such thing	I remember the concert clearly , but I ca n't recollect why I was there .
etiolation	N	1-1	his etiolation signaled years in prison	the etiolation of celery
vehicle	N	5-4	the play was just a vehicle to display her talents	his editorials provided a vehicle for his political views
run	V	0-4	run a new program on the Mac	The car is still running -- turn it off !
top	N	6-4	he stared as she buttoned her top	put your books on top of the desk
charge	V	5-1	Will you pay cash or charge the purchase ?	He charged his weapon at me
carry	V	2-1	I will carry the secret to my grave	I carry a lot of life insurance
body	N	3-3	What 's a body got ta do to get a drink around here ?	they found the body in the lake
stay	V	1-3	To stay a flat sheet in a steam boiler	I had to stay at home and watch the children
metric	N	5-6	convert all the measurements to metric units	it is easier to work in metric
operation	N	5-5	a large - scale farming operation	it can perform millions of operations per second
night	N	4-5	it vanished into the night	The cat disappeared into the night .
dwelling	N	6-2	The old house served as a dwelling for Albert .	Philip 's dwelling fronted on the street . - Alfred Tennyson
make	V	0-1	make a mess in one 's office	He made as if to punch him , but they both laughed and shook hands .
neighborhood	N	1-5	my neighborhood voted for Bush	the price is in the neighborhood of $ 100
belong	V	4-5	These pages do n't belong	the uniform looks like it belonged to a museum collection
break	N	3-1	there was a break in the action when a player was hurt	the break in the eighth frame cost him the match
run	V	0-0	run rogue	Run to the store !
carry	V	2-2	Do you carry kerosene heaters ?	The loan carries a high interest rate
pay	V	2-1	Does she pay you for the work you are doing ?	He paid off the loan three months early .
hold	V	0-2	hold your tongue	He can hold his liquor
raise	V	0-6	raise a smile	We visited a farm where they raise chickens .
thing	N	1-4	this thing has got to end	it is a remarkable thing
post	N	8-2	there is an officer 's club on the post	this military post provides an important source of income for the town nearby
stop	V	0-2	stop a car	Your rights stop where you infringe upon the rights of other
be	V	4-2	When will the meeting be ?	The woman is walking .
hollow	N	1-7	The hollow of the hand or of a tree	He built himself a cabin in a hollow high up in the Rockies .
charge	V	5-0	Will you pay cash or charge the purchase ?	charge all weapons , shields , and banners
top	N	6-3	he stared as she buttoned her top	I bought this top as it matches my jeans .
follow	V	2-3	We must follow closely the economic development is Cuba	A terrible tsunami followed the earthquake
make	V	0-1	make love , not war	She makes like an actress
come	V	3-0	she could not come because she was too upset	Come with me to the Casbah
play	V	0-5	play cards	Play football ;    play sports ;    play games
life	N	9-2	he could no longer cope with the complexities of life	Get a life .
admit	V	10-1	We 'll have to vote on whether or not to admit a new member	He admitted his guilt
time	N	7-3	Okay , but this is the last time . No more after that !	he called four times
perversion	N	0-6	perversion also shows up in kinky telephone cords	the tendrils of the plant exhibited perversion
absence	N	5-0	he was surprised by the absence of any explanation	Absence makes the heart grow fonder .
see	V	2-2	I can see what will happen	I can see a risk in this strategy
air	N	7-4	open a window and let in some air	I need some fresh air
see	V	13-1	They 're blind to the damage they do , but someday they 'll see .	I saw her bake the cake .
communication	N	4-11	how many lines of communication can there be among four people ?	A round archway at the far end of the hallway provided communication to the main chamber .
light	N	4-7	he stepped into the light	Hey , buddy , you got a light ?
work	V	0-2	work your way through every problem or task	She was working on her second martini when the guests arrived
season	N	7-4	she always looked forward to the avocado season	he celebrated his 10th season with the ballet company
take	V	0-0	take action	take vengeance
song	N	4-1	the wheels sang their song as the train rocketed ahead	the song of bullets was in the air
copy	N	4-4	the clone was a copy of its ancestor	Please bring me the copies of those reports .
give	V	0-3	give the orders	The French doors give onto a terrace
unit	N	8-9	He was a member of a special police unit .	after the battle the soldier had trouble rejoining his unit
extend	V	0-0	extend my greetings	extend the loan
emulsion	N	6-3	an oil - in - water emulsion	Mayonnaise is an emulsion where egg is used to keep oil and water mixed .
take	V	2-2	I 'll take the blue plates .	We are taking an orphan from Romania
sense	N	3-5	It 's common sense not to put metal objects in a microwave oven .	he has n't got the sense God gave little green apples
now	N	6-0	There is no better time than now .	Now is a good time to do it
keep	V	2-1	May God keep you	She keeps an apartment in Paris for her shopping trips
air	N	6-5	he threw the ball into the air	her hand stopped in mid air
deal	N	5-4	We need to finalise the deal with Henderson by midnight .	it was a package deal
land	V	5-4	It can be tricky to land a helicopter .	Use the net to land the fish .
cut	V	3-2	We had to cut short the conversation	This bread cuts easily
know	V	3-1	I want to know who is winning the game !	I know it 's time
stress	N	4-12	Some people put the stress on the first syllable of “ controversy ” ; others put it on the second .	Go easy on him , he 's been under a lot of stress lately .
make	V	0-1	make advances	We made it !
head	N	4-1	they were at the head of the attack	the head of the column advanced boldly
scale	N	7-1	The Holocaust was insanity on an enormous scale .	the scale of the model
shell	V	1-3	Nuts shell in falling .	Wheat or rye shells in reaping .
stabilization	N	4-1	he worked for price stabilization for farm products	wage stabilization is necessary for industrial peace
trace	V	0-0	trace a pattern	trace a design
ball	N	1-1	a ball of fire	A ball of wool ;    a ball of twine
carry	V	1-1	I carry her image in my mind 's eye	Amanda carried the package from home to New York .
cycle	N	1-4	The cycle of the seasons , or of the year	the never - ending cycle of the seasons
give	V	4-0	I 'm going to give my wife a necklace for her birthday .	give a course
make	V	0-3	make a dress	This salary increase makes no difference to my standard of living
break	V	2-2	let 's break for lunch	a man broken by the terrible experience of near - death
show	V	8-5	he bet $ 2 on number six to show	The car 's dull finish showed years of neglect .
bar	N	10-7	he bought a hot dog and a coke at the bar	the boat ran aground on a submerged bar in the river
scale	N	7-1	The Holocaust was insanity on an enormous scale .	the scale of the map
prove	V	0-2	prove a will	The exception proves the rule .
face	N	1-3	The face of this company .	Why the sad face ?
business	N	5-0	he bought his brother 's business	Business has been slow lately .
catch	V	3-1	She managed to catch herself before telling her boss what was on her mind	He caught the allusion in her glance
prise	V	11-16	C. 1925 : Come , force the gates with crowbars , prise them apart ! — Jack Lindsay , translation of Lysistrata	2004 : Most people used pliers , scissors , rubber gloves and knives to try to prise open products . — BBC News
number	N	7-7	I hope to become one of their number before I die	this sweater is an all - wool number
house	N	1-3	the house gets a percentage of every bet	he has a house on Cape Cod
admit	V	1-2	To admit evidence in the trial of a cause	A ticket admits one into a playhouse .
furniture	N	2-6	How much furniture did they leave behind ?	there was only one piece of furniture in the room
dress	V	0-0	dress the windows	dress the victim 's wounds
run	V	0-2	run a new program on the Mac	I will run the sample .
draw	V	7-0	A ship 's sail is said to draw when it is filled with wind .	draw wire
sale	N	4-4	He celebrated after the sale of company .	the salesman faxed the sales agreement to his home office
be	V	2-1	I shall be writing to you soon .	There was a lot of noise in the kitchen
carry	V	3-2	This land will carry ten cows to the acre	The restaurant carries an unusual name
give	V	0-2	give a course	Can I give you the children for the weekend ?
take	V	2-0	can you take me to the main entrance ?	take a scene
cover	V	4-2	Is this enough to cover the check ?	this should cover everyone in the group
propagate	V	0-3	propagate sound or light through air	sound and light propagate in this medium
see	V	2-3	I can see a risk in this strategy	We went to see the Eiffel Tower in the morning
product	N	3-3	they improve their product every year	They improve their product every year ; they export most of their agricultural production .
keep	V	9-0	The family 's fortune waned and they could not keep their household staff	keep my seat , please
turn	V	5-1	In Vermont , the leaves turn early	Ivory turns well .
home	N	5-9	there 's no place like home	the teacher asked how many people made up his home
feel	N	3-3	She has a feel for music .	he has a feel for animals " or " it 's easy when you get the feel of it
move	V	1-6	To move in a matter	Come on guys , let 's move : there 's work to do !
circus	N	9-1	they used the elephants to help put up the circus	The circus will be in town next week .
subject	N	4-16	I am a British subject .	a moving picture of a train is more dramatic than a still picture of the same subject
line	N	4-2	the cast stood in line for the curtain call	A dedicated line
finish	N	5-7	the boat had a metallic finish	he applied a coat of a clear finish
run	V	6-2	If you see this man , run !	She is running a relief operation in the Sudan
serve	V	3-2	This table would serve very well	His freedom served him well
tea	N	4-11	Would you like some tea ?	Would you be a dear and get me a cup of tea , please ?
empathize	V	4-5	You really have to empathize .	You 've really got to empathize with what they want .
finance	V	2-1	Can we finance the addition to our home ?	He financed his home purchase through a local credit union .
field	N	8-7	A crop circle was made in a corn field .	There were some cows grazing in a field .
empathize	V	4-5	You really have to empathize with them .	You 've really got to empathize with what they want .
keep	V	8-0	There 's little to earn and many to keep	keep count
strike	V	0-2	strike a bargain	We must strike the enemy 's oil fields
strike	V	0-2	strike a bargain	The Germans struck Poland on Sept. 1 , 1939
repair	V	4-1	One can never fully repair the suffering and losses of the Jews in the Third Reich	He repaired to his cabin in the woods
street	N	3-4	Walk down the street .	he lives on Nassau Street
turn	V	0-1	turn the flour onto a plate	She turned to her relatives for help
time	N	1-4	the time of year for planting	he waited a long time
strangle	V	3-1	he tried to strangle his opponent	He strangled his wife and dissolved the body in acid .
yes	N	5-3	I was hoping for a yes	Was that a yes ?
approach	V	2-11	Do n't approach that house .	He was an admirable poet , and thought even to have approached Homer . -- Sir William Temple .
carry	V	1-4	I carry her image in my mind 's eye	put down 5 and carry 2
recognition	N	9-1	He looked at her for ten full minutes before recognition dawned .	molecular recognition drives all of biology , for instance , hormone and receptor or antibody - antigen interactions or the organization of molecules into larger biologically active entities
court	N	1-7	The court is now in session .	The noblemen visited the queen in her court .
have	V	1-0	I have two sisters .	Have another bowl of chicken soup !
finish	N	9-4	the wine has a nutty flavor and a pleasant finish	booze will be the finish of him
make	V	4-1	How much do you make a month in your new job ?	He made twenty bucks playing poker last night .
eye	N	4-5	they were in the eye of the storm	Bright lights really hurt my eyes .
crash	V	4-2	will the stock market crash again ?	the economy crashed
sense	N	1-1	a sense of happiness	A sense of security
post	N	5-7	it came by the first post	if you hurry you 'll catch the post
charge	V	0-1	charge all weapons , shields , and banners	he charged the director with indifference
make	V	0-1	make love , not war	She made us look silly
job	N	4-8	it is always a job to contact him	estimates of the city 's loss on that job ranged as high as a million dollars
congregation	N	2-1	a great congregation of birds flew over	a congregation of children pleaded for his autograph
narrowness	N	8-3	the attraction of the book is precisely its narrowness of focus	frustrated by the narrowness of people 's horizons
acquisition	N	1-1	the acquisition of wealth	The acquisition of sports equipment can be fun in itself .
raise	V	0-1	raise a family	To raise somebody to office
litany	N	1-4	a litany of failures	the patient recited a litany of complaints
stain	V	4-0	people knew how to stain glass a beautiful blue in the middle ages	Stain this table a beautiful walnut color
place	N	1-4	a place in my heart	He comes from a place near Chicago
serve	V	1-5	We serve meals for the homeless	The President 's wisdom has served the country well
work	N	7-3	a lot of people are out of work	he arrived at work early today
admit	V	1-1	To admit evidence in the trial of a cause	She admitted us .
bed	N	8-4	We added a new rosebush to our rose bed .	the gardener planted a bed of roses
subvert	V	3-8	Do school counselors subvert young children ?	we must not let our civil liberties be subverted by the current crisis
monopoly	N	3-2	They have no monopoly on intelligence	A land monopoly renders its holder(s ) nearly almighty in an agricultural society .
pain	N	1-4	the pain of loneliness	the patient developed severe pain and distension
shoot	V	0-0	shoot a movie	shoot a basket
build	V	0-2	build up confidence	The contractor builds houses for $ 100
approach	V	0-1	approach a task	To approach the city
rule	N	3-3	it was his rule to take a walk before breakfast	he knew the rules of chess
stretch	N	8-10	I was right in the middle of a stretch when the phone rang .	To say crossing the street was brave was quite a stretch .
play	N	4-4	they made a futile play for power	there was too much play in the steering wheel
communicate	V	3-12	Many deaf people communicate with sign language .	I feel I hardly know him ; I just wish he 'd communicate with me a little more .
masquerade	N	3-5	a beggar 's masquerade of wealth	I was invited to the masquerade at their home .
take	V	4-0	Tomorrow the doctor will take the cast off her arm .	Take the plunge
read	V	1-1	She read my mind and promptly rose to get me a glass of water .	I read this address as a satire
time	N	1-7	this time he succeeded	Okay , but this is the last time . No more after that !
delivery	N	4-2	she had a difficult delivery	his reluctant delivery of bad news
take	V	0-1	take shelter from the storm	She took her seat on the stage
take	V	3-1	I do n't take sugar in my coffee	She took credit for the whole idea
stand	V	0-1	stand the test of time	She stands 6 feet tall
classify	V	2-3	Should we classify " make up " as an idiom or as a phrasal verb ?	How would you classify these pottery shards -- are they prehistoric ?
empathize	V	4-4	You really have to empathize .	You really have to empathize with them .
tea	N	0-1	tea has fragrant white flowers	iced tea is a cooling drink
spot	N	9-2	For our anniversary we went back to the same spot where we first met .	a bald spot
hold	V	2-4	She can hold an audience spellbound	A crazy idea took hold of him
recognition	N	12-1	he was unable to make his motion because he could n't get recognition by the chairman	increasing recognition that diabetes frequently coexists with other chronic diseases
clip	N	8-6	I went into the salon to get a clip .	he could do ten at a clip
make	V	7-7	A good review by this critic will make your play !	It was n't the problem some people made it
catch	V	0-0	catch fire	catch the mood
transform	V	4-2	The alchemists sought to transform lead into gold .	This experience transformed her completely
perversion	N	6-0	the tendrils of the plant exhibited perversion	perversion also shows up in kinky telephone cords
culture	N	16-3	the reason that the agency is doomed to inaction has something to do with the FBI culture	the developing drug culture
work	V	4-5	How does your idea work in practice ?	The voting process does n't work as well as people thought
school	N	2-1	the whole school turned out for the game	the school keeps parents informed
brush	V	0-1	brush away the crumbs	She brushed the suit before hanging it back into the closet
cut	V	2-1	If you cut then I 'll deal .	This cuts into my earnings
seek	V	0-0	seek happiness	seek an education
think	V	1-1	I think that he is her boyfriend	I think he is very smart
check	N	5-3	the pilot ran through the check - out procedure	they made a check of their equipment
experience	N	4-3	he had a religious experience	he recalled the experience vividly
carry	V	2-4	I will carry the secret to my grave	put down 5 and carry 2
take	V	2-1	Do you take me for a fool ?	He took off his shoes .
swing	V	0-0	swing back	swing forward
call	N	6-3	he was ejected for protesting the call	I received several calls today .
level	V	2-3	You can level the table by turning the pads that screw into the feet .	The building was levelled
get	V	4-3	I just do n't get him	Where did she get these news ?
pay	V	6-1	How much does this savings certificate pay annually ?	To pay attention
render	V	0-0	render the town to the enemy	render up the prisoners
change	N	1-3	the change of government had no impact on the economy	he inspected several changes before selecting one
credit	N	3-9	I give you credit for owning up to your mistake .	He arrived five minutes late , but to his credit he did work an extra ten minutes at the end of his shift .
develop	V	2-1	Could you develop the ideas in your thesis	Spassky developed quickly
run	V	3-0	let the dogs run free	run a new program on the Mac
time	N	1-4	take time to smell the roses	I did n't have time to finish
be	V	2-1	I shall be writing to you soon .	There were two hundred people at his funeral
come	V	0-1	come down here !	He came through the door .
score	N	11-2	he tried to blame the victim but his success on that score was doubtful	settling a score
stuff	N	1-5	the stuff of heros	you do n't have the stuff to be a United States Marine
use	V	0-1	use your head !	She used to call her mother every week but now she calls only occasionally
play	V	3-1	I used to play with trucks as a little girl	She played the servant to her husband 's master
thing	N	3-3	she has a thing about him	he has a thing about seafood
lift	N	4-4	he gave me a lift home	He gave me a lift to the bus station .
side	N	5-5	he was on the heavy side	it brought out his better side
go	V	4-3	This sofa wo n't go with the chairs	The engine finally went
charge	V	3-2	I need to charge my car battery	The teacher charged the children to memorize the poem
snap	V	0-2	snap a football	The lock snapped shut
pull	V	0-0	pull the string gently	Pull the rope
come	V	0-1	come into the room	He came from France .
see	V	3-3	I 'll probably see you at the meeting	I went to see my friend Mary the other day
play	N	5-4	the ball was still in play	there was too much play in the steering wheel
come	V	3-0	Nothing good will come of this	come down here !
fire	N	2-4	hold your fire until you can see the whites of their eyes	barbecue over an open fire
head	N	1-7	a head of lettuce	I 've got to go to the head .
preparation	N	8-0	the resolution of one dissonance is often the preparation for another dissonance	preparations for the ceremony had begun
make	V	2-3	He will make a splendid father !	this little pig made his house out of straw
commercialization	N	7-6	both companies will retain control over the commercialization of their own products	the government tried to accelerate the commercialization of this development
draw	V	0-0	draw wire	draw a conclusion
cut	V	0-2	cut paper dolls	The Vietnamese cut a lot of timber while they occupied Cambodia
take	V	0-1	take action	She took a chill
impact	N	6-8	His friend 's opinion had an impact on his decision .	Our choice of concrete will have a tremendous impact on the building 's mechanical performance .
fair	N	1-1	trade fair	book fair
identity	N	5-7	geneticists only recently discovered the identity of the gene that causes it	it was too dark to determine his identity
carry	V	0-2	carry a cause	The airwaves carry the sound
rest	N	8-14	a body will continue in a state of rest until acted upon	Now that we 're all in agreement , we can put that issue to rest .
grow	V	3-4	That acorn will grow into an oak tree .	An oak tree will grow from that acorn .
richness	N	6-1	he was well aware of the richness of his own appearance	the richness all around unsettled him for he had expected to find poverty
cuddle	V	10-1	I 'm cold ; can you roll over here and cuddle me , honey ?	She cuddled the infant before bedtime .
rake	V	0-2	rake gravel	The gunfire raked the coast
play	V	0-1	play a hooked fish	He played $ 20 on the new horse
woodenness	N	4-3	there was a certain woodenness in his replies	he criticized the woodenness of the acting
dwelling	N	2-2	Philip 's dwelling fronted on the street . - Alfred Tennyson	I was dwelling in the cave .
furniture	N	4-3	they had too much furniture for the small apartment	A chair is furniture . Sofas are also furniture .
application	N	2-7	The iPhone application VR+ connects to major social networks .	he has tried several different word processing applications
sentence	N	5-1	The judge leniently granted a sentence with no hard time .     He is not living at home because he is doing time .	his sentence was 5 to 10 years
drop	V	0-1	drop a lawsuit	They dropped her after she had a child out of wedlock
come	V	0-0	come down here !	Come with me to the Casbah
show	V	8-1	he bet $ 2 on number six to show	I showed the customer the glove section
bit	N	3-3	in just a bit	there are 8 bits in a byte
audience	N	4-3	every artist needs an audience	he requested an audience with the king
formation	N	1-1	the formation of crystals	the formation of pseudopods
center	N	5-5	his stories made him the center of the party	they had to reinforce the center
come	V	2-2	These shoes come in three colors	The sleeves come to your knuckles
make	V	2-3	Do n't make this into a big deal	They hope to make a bigger profit
line	N	4-2	he got out of line	toe the line
turn	V	6-0	The Earth turns ;    turn on the spot	turn the dial to 10
call	V	0-0	call the speaker on a question of fact	Call roll
take	V	2-0	I 'll take the blue plates .	Take any one of these cards
waste	N	3-2	much of the waste material is carried off in the sewers	the trackless wastes of the desert
carry	V	3-2	This land will carry ten cows to the acre	His efforts carried the entire project
order	N	4-4	The house is in order ; the machinery is out of order .	Magnolias belong to the order Magnoliales .
fail	V	3-1	We must not fail his obligation to the victims of the Holocaust	She failed in her obligations as a good daughter - in - law
declare	V	0-0	declare dividends	Declare bankruptcy
foot	N	3-3	the swiftest of foot	he followed on foot
run	V	5-1	I 'm not ready to run a marathon .	She ran her fingers along the carved figurine
fall	V	0-1	fall asleep	They fell out of favor
hold	V	1-0	I hold with those who say life is sacred	hold all calls to the President 's office while he is in a meeting
throw	V	0-1	throw the car into reverse	she threw a beautiful teapot
come	V	0-2	come into contact with a terrorist group	Which letter comes before Y ?     Winter comes after autumn .
flight	N	4-6	I took the noon flight to Chicago	Where is the departure gate for flight 747 ? / Go straight down and to the right .
loaf	N	1-1	meat loaf	a loaf of cheese
chair	N	9-21	he put his coat over the back of the chair and sat down	All I need to weather a snowstorm is hot coffee , a warm fire , a good book and a comfortable chair .
eat	V	3-3	I did n't eat yet , so I gladly accept your invitation	We did not eat until 10 P.M. because there were so many phone calls
effect	N	5-6	he just did it for effect	The new law will come into effect on the first day of next year .
move	V	2-6	We must move quickly	Come on guys , let 's move : there 's work to do !
electrify	V	1-0	To electrify a limb , or the body	electrify an appliance
hyponym	N	4-3	" A is a hyponym of B " means that " A is a type of B. "	British is a hyponym of European .
line	N	5-4	they attacked the enemy 's line	there is a narrow line between sanity and insanity
seat	N	11-4	He sat on the arm of the chair rather than the seat , which always annoyed his mother .	there were not enough seats for all the guests
wealth	N	3-1	She brings a wealth of knowledge to the project .	great wealth is not a sign of great intelligence
scale	N	1-1	the scale of the map	the scale of the model
port	V	0-0	port a rifle	Port arms !
shift	V	3-0	you have to shift when you go down a steep hill	Shift one 's position
pull	N	8-1	the chairman 's nephew has a lot of pull	the pull of the current
dress	V	3-0	we had to dress quickly	dress the patient
operation	N	3-2	the plane 's operation in high winds	a multinational operation
work	V	5-2	The voting process does n't work as well as people thought	The medicine works only if you take it with a lot of water
slack	N	5-2	suddenly they were in a slack and the water was motionless	a gradual slack in output
avoid	V	3-1	I try to avoid the company of gamblers .	He avoided going to the area .
pull	N	1-5	the pull of the moon	Iron fillings drawn by the pull of a magnet
court	N	4-7	The queen and her court traveled to the city to welcome back the soldiers .	the house was built around an inner court
session	N	2-2	A training session	a gossip session
action	N	1-9	the action is no longer in technology stocks but in municipal bonds	gawkers always try to get as close to the action as possible
drop	N	3-1	he had a drop too much to drink	a drop of each sample was analyzed
go	V	2-5	Can I go now ?	It 's your turn ; go .
finish	N	4-9	booze will be the finish of him	almost an inspiration which gives to all work that finish which is almost art "-- Joseph Conrad
serve	V	3-3	This table would serve very well	The tree stump serves as a table
family	N	2-1	he 's family	his family has lived in Massachusetts since the Mayflower
cut	V	8-0	We had to lose weight , so we cut the sugar from our diet	cut from one scene to another
difference	N	6-5	It just wo n't make much difference to me .	his support made a real difference
head	N	9-7	Be careful when you pet that dog on the head ; it may bite .	We will consider performance issues under the head of future improvements .
note	N	3-14	there was a note of uncertainty in his voice	I did n't have any coins to pay with , so I used a note .
enemy	N	5-1	Rally together against a common enemy .	the enemy attacked at dawn
interest	N	5-4	He has a lot of interest in vintage cars .	Victorian furniture is an interest of mine .
pool	N	5-1	the body lay in a pool of blood	The pools of Solomon
touch	V	2-2	Do n't touch my CDs !	Stefan was touched by the song 's message of hope .
theater	N	6-5	His grandfather was in the Pacific theater during the war .	he served in the Vietnam theater for three years
cold	N	6-5	Come in , out of the cold .	come in out of the cold
school	N	1-5	a school of small glittering fish swam by	The divers encountered a huge school of mackerel .
come	V	3-2	your wish will come true	Their anger came to a boil
make	V	0-0	make friends	make water into wine
give	V	2-0	I 'll give you three books for four CDs	give thought to
likelihood	N	2-1	In all likelihood the meeting will be cancelled .	The likelihood is that the inflation rate will continue to rise .
move	V	2-1	We must move quickly	To move in a matter
apparition	N	2-5	The sudden apparition of the Spaniards . – William H. Prescott .	natives were amazed at the apparition of this white stranger
care	V	3-3	He does n't care about how / whether she comes .	I do n't care
fall	V	1-1	To fall a tree	He fell to his knees
material	N	5-3	she was vice - presidential material	he was university material
face	N	3-4	he washed his face	She has a pretty face .
line	V	1-0	To line a copy book	line one 's pockets
communicate	V	12-6	I feel I hardly know him ; I just wish he 'd communicate with me a little more .	He and his sons have n't communicated for years
make	V	6-3	One swallow does not a summer make	She may not make the grade
game	N	5-1	he 's in the plumbing game	the game is 6 all
part	N	1-1	The part of his hair was slightly to the left .	his part was right in the middle
draw	V	10-1	At the start of their turn , each player must draw a card .	She drew an elephant
make	V	0-4	make one 's way into the forest	The company has been making toys for two centuries
teach	V	2-1	Can you teach me to sew ?     Can you teach sewing to me ?	I taught them French
cut	V	3-0	We had to cut short the conversation	cut the songs
play	N	5-2	it was all done in play	rain stopped play in the 4th inning
hit	V	0-1	hit a ball	He hit a home run
voice	N	1-3	the voice of experience	the wee small voice of conscience
image	N	7-3	the company tried to project an altruistic image	although her popular image was contrived it served to inspire music and pageantry
krona	N	9-4	Grāmata maksā piecas kronas — the book costs five krona	Piecas kronas — five krona
shoestring	N	5-6	he managed it on a shoestring	He did all that on a shoestring budget .
action	N	3-6	a man of action	the piano had a very stiff action
volume	N	7-1	the gas expanded to twice its original volume	The volume of ticket sales decreased this week .
offset	V	2-0	I 'll offset the time difference locally .	offset deposits and withdrawals
see	V	3-13	I 'll probably see you at the meeting	They 're blind to the damage they do , but someday they 'll see .
go	V	0-2	go about the world in a certain manner	Messages must go through diplomatic channels
recognition	N	9-2	she seems to avoid much in the way of recognition or acknowledgement of feminist work prior to her own	give her recognition for trying
take	V	1-2	I take aspirin every day to thin my blood .	She always takes an umbrella
feel	V	3-1	You make me feel naked	She felt small and insignificant
make	V	0-0	make an effort	make love , not war
offset	V	0-2	offset deposits and withdrawals	I 'll offset the time difference locally .
love	N	1-5	his love for his work	So that 's fifteen - love to Kournikova .
take	V	2-0	Can you take this bag , please	Take a cookie !
coverage	N	13-3	Before laying sod on that clay , the ground needs two inches of coverage with topsoil .	the dictionary 's coverage of standard English is excellent
credit	N	3-2	I give you credit for owning up to your mistake .	give her credit for trying
run	N	3-4	she got a run in her stocking	the ship made its run in record time
emission	N	1-1	The emission of heat from a fire	The emission of light from the sun
camp	V	4-4	We 're planning to camp in the field until Sunday .	The houseguests had to camp in the living room
have	V	1-5	I have two sisters .	How many cars does she have ?
level	N	6-5	the pictures were at the same level	park the car on the level
notice	N	2-3	he gave notice two months before he moved	He took no notice of the changes , and went on as though nothing had happened .
variety	N	3-0	the range and variety of his work is amazing	varieties are frequently recognized in botany
permit	V	2-1	This will permit the rain to run off	She permitted her son to visit her estranged husband
line	N	2-2	a nice line of shoes	toe the line
purge	V	0-0	purge the water	purge your mind
take	V	3-3	I used to take The Sunday Times .	The hard work took its toll on her
tension	N	6-0	he suffered from fatigue and emotional tension	tension holds the belt in the pulleys
rotation	N	8-3	The medical resident finished a two - week rotation in pediatrics and began one in orthopaedics .	The earth 's rotation about its axis is responsible for its being slightly oblate rather than a sphere .
go	V	4-5	Ready , set , go !	The washing machine wo n't go unless it 's plugged in
grow	V	4-2	An oak tree will grow from that acorn .	The gardener grew that acorn into an oak tree .
inwardness	N	0-2	inwardness is what an Englishman quite simply has , painlessly , as a birthright	Socrates ' inwardness , integrity , and inquisitiveness"- H.R.Finch
window	N	2-1	the expanded window will give us time to catch the thieves	Launch window ; window of opportunity
drag	V	0-1	drag this icon to the lower right hand corner of the screen	He dragged the big suitcase behind him
connect	V	4-2	The new railroad will connect the northern part of the state to the southern part .	These computers connected well .
charge	V	3-4	I need to charge my car battery	Do n't forget to charge the drill .
snap	V	1-2	To snap a whip	The pipe snapped
carry	V	2-1	I will carry the secret to my grave	I carry her image in my mind 's eye
track	V	0-1	track a missile	I tracked prints .
trade	N	5-7	as they say in the trade	they are accused of conspiring to constrain trade
art	N	0-4	art does not need to be innovative to be good	it 's quite an art
gather	V	0-2	gather some stones	The teacher gathered the kids together .
furniture	N	9-6	The woman does not even have one stick of furniture moved in yet .	there was only one piece of furniture in the room
newspaper	N	3-3	he read his newspaper at breakfast	Murdoch owns many newspapers
key	N	5-7	he spoke in a low key	Some students cheated by using the answer key .
process	V	0-0	process a loan	process the applicants
back	V	1-0	I back you all the way ;    which horse are you backing in this race ?	back this enterprise
deliver	V	6-4	Deliver a package ;    deliver the mail	our local super market delivers
cut	N	4-4	he took a vicious cut at the ball	The lawyer took a cut of the profits .
cure	V	0-0	cure cement	cure resin
flatten	V	2-0	Mary would flatten the dough before rolling it into pretzels .	flatten a road
draw	V	0-2	draw pulp from the fruit	A ship draws ten feet of water .
period	N	2-2	a time period of 30 years	hastened the period of time of his recovery
piece	N	4-6	it was a nice piece of work	it is down the road a piece
see	V	2-2	Now I see !	Can you see the bird in that tree ?
coverage	N	11-3	Do n't go to lunch if we do n't have enough coverage for the help - desk phones .	the dictionary 's coverage of standard English is excellent
charge	N	5-5	this cartridge has a powder charge of 50 grains	the battery needed a fresh charge
krona	N	8-9	Kronas kurss — the exchange rate of the krona	Grāmata maksā piecas kronas — the book costs five krona
unit	N	9-5	after the battle the soldier had trouble rejoining his unit	the coach said the offensive unit did a good job
tread	V	8-0	For fools rush in where angels fear to tread	tread grapes to make wine
stretch	N	8-1	I was right in the middle of a stretch when the phone rang .	a stretch of highway
make	V	0-0	make clay into bricks	make lead into gold
work	V	4-1	He used pliers to work the wire into shape .	She works the night clubs ;    the salesman works the Midwest ;    this artist works mostly in acrylics
place	V	0-8	place a phone call	he bet $ 2 on number six to place
refund	V	12-15	A governor , that had pillaged the people , was sentenced to refund what he had wrongfully taken . — L'Estrange .	If you find this computer for sale anywhere at a lower price , we 'll refund you the difference .
develop	V	0-5	develop the rook	Report the news as it develops
break	V	1-1	Twigs break off of those branches easily .	She broke the match
coverage	N	11-11	Do n't go to lunch if we do n't have enough coverage for the help - desk phones .	The enemy fire is increasing – can we get some immediate coverage from those bunkers ?
reversal	N	3-1	there was a reversal of autonomic function	the reversal of the image in the lens
take	V	1-0	We take the Times every day	Take the case of China
raise	V	0-0	raise a sad cry	raise a protest
last	N	4-3	he finished an inglorious last	he was the last to leave
neck	N	5-5	the horse won by a neck	the bottle had a wide neck
life	N	3-4	while there 's life there 's hope	He gave up on life .
make	V	0-1	make merry	He made as if to punch him , but they both laughed and shook hands .
work	V	5-4	The voting process does n't work as well as people thought	This method does n't work
converge	V	2-2	The lines converge at this point	The crowd converged on the movie star
helm	N	1-5	The helm of the Commonwealth	the President is at the helm of the Ship of State
score	N	11-3	he tried to blame the victim but his success on that score was doubtful	what was your score on your homework ?
give	V	0-1	give an excuse	She gave a pair of shoes to her husband for their anniversary .
work	V	4-3	This dough does not work easily	He could not work the math problem
drop	V	0-2	drop him from the Republican ticket	The cow dropped her calf this morning
operation	N	2-5	a multinational operation	it can perform millions of operations per second
interest	N	5-2	He has a lot of interest in vintage cars .	the iron interests stepped up production
play	V	0-2	play a hooked fish	Can you play on this old recorder ?
work	N	0-3	work equals force times distance	he arrived at work early today
give	V	1-1	I give you two minutes to respond	She gave him First Aid
come	V	0-0	come into the room	come out of the closet !
dress	V	3-1	we had to dress quickly	Marlene dressed herself .
stand	V	2-2	Here I stand , wondering what to do next .	I am standing my ground and wo n't give in !
catch	V	0-2	catch fire	do n't catch your meaning
stand	V	2-1	Can you stand the bookshelf up ?	He stood the broom in a corner and took a break .
run	V	2-3	Do n't run that software unless you have permission . '	The dogs are running deer
line	N	2-5	A shared line	Please speak up , the line is very faint .
now	N	6-0	There is no better time than now .	Now is the right time .
air	N	7-0	open a window and let in some air	air pollution
treat	V	0-0	treat an oil spill	treat the lawn with chemicals
roll	V	0-4	roll your hair around your finger	The President 's convoy rolled past the crowds
head	N	1-3	a head of lettuce	he stuck his head out the window
raise	V	0-0	raise a shout	raise a sad cry
beat	V	3-0	the grandfather clock beat midnight	beat one 's breast
hit	V	1-2	He hit a home run	The movie hits theaters in December .
cut	V	8-0	We had to lose weight , so we cut the sugar from our diet	cut grain
foulness	N	3-3	his display of foulness deserved severe punishment	he understood the foulness of sin
work	V	0-3	work one 's way through the crowd	The soft metal works well
stay	N	4-4	a four - month stay in bankruptcy court	they had a nice stay in Paris
give	V	0-0	give one 's opinion	give a yelp
possess	V	4-1	He does not even possess a working telephone .	What possessed you to buy this house ?
beg	V	1-1	I beg your pardon . I did n't mean to cause offence .	I begged for her to do it .
fall	V	0-0	fall into a trap	fall prey to an imposter
mirror	N	6-7	I had a look in the mirror to see if the blood had come off my face .	We could see the lorry in the mirror , so decided to change lanes .
beat	V	1-2	I beat the traffic	The drums beat all night
go	V	10-6	This violinist is as good as Juilliard - trained violinists go	How fast does your new car go ?
foulness	N	3-4	his display of foulness deserved severe punishment	mouths which speak such foulness must be cleansed
take	V	2-1	Do you take me for a fool ?	I take it you 're not going ?
beat	V	0-0	beat a path through the forest	beat one 's breast
point	N	8-4	We should meet at a pre - arranged point .	she walked to a point where she could survey the whole street
room	N	0-3	room to pass	hardly enough elbow room to turn around
get	V	2-1	did you get it ?	He got his squad on the ball
clash	V	2-4	These colors clash	Fans from opposing teams clashed on the streets after the game .
go	V	6-2	How fast does your new car go ?	The policemen went from door to door looking for the suspect
pull	V	7-2	You 'll be sent home if you pull another stunt like that .	He regularly pulls 12-hour days , sometimes 14 .
split	N	7-8	he was winning until he got a split in the tenth frame	they announced a two - for - one split of the common stock
check	V	0-1	check into the rumor	He checked my kings
break	V	2-6	Kids were break - dancing at the street corner	This play will either make or break the playwright
take	V	1-11	I take it you 're not going ?	Looking at him as he came into the room , I took him for his father .
run	V	0-4	run a new program on the Mac	the story or argument runs as follows
interest	N	2-3	in the interest of safety	in the common interest
move	V	1-0	To move in a matter	Move those boxes into the corner , please
line	N	3-4	He drew a line on the chart	his face has many lines
strike	V	0-1	strike an arc	she struck a goldmine
compare	V	4-3	This car does not compare with our line of Mercedes	You ca n't compare my problems and yours .
flash	N	1-1	a flash sewn on his sleeve indicated the unit he belonged to	red flashes adorned the airplane
variant	N	1-5	a variant of the same word	All breeds of dog are variants of the species “ Canis lupus familiaris ” .
go	V	5-5	These ugly billboards have to go !	These luxuries all had to go under the Khmer Rouge
head	N	1-3	a head of cauliflower	he is two heads taller than his little sister
foot	N	1-4	the foot of the list	curled up on the foot of the bed
play	V	0-0	play the stock market	play cards
life	N	1-3	The life of this milk carton may be thousands of years in this landfill .	there is no life on the moon
take	V	2-3	Do you take me for a fool ?	You ca n't take credit for this !
have	V	2-3	Now we have a fine mess	What do we have here ?
point	V	6-2	If he asks for food , point him toward the refrigerator .	the dog pointed the dead duck
cut	V	0-2	cut a disk	This knife cuts well
do	V	2-1	We could do with a little more help around here	We did 6 miles on our hike every day
seize	V	4-2	The rebels threaten to seize civilian hostages	The terrorists seized the politicians
break	V	6-2	This play will either make or break the playwright	The figurine broke
keep	V	0-1	keep count	I keep my specimens under glass to protect them .
time	N	3-2	See you another time ;    that 's three times he 's made the same mistake	it is time to go
war	N	2-2	The " war on terror " is a campaign against terrorist crime .	The " war on drugs " is a campaign against the use of narcotic drugs .
sign	N	4-3	The hunters found deer sign at the end of the trail .	Those clouds show signs of raining soon .
discover	V	10-1	The story is false , so far as I can discover	I discovered how she did it .
construct	V	0-0	construct a proof	construct an argument
diversification	N	5-5	my broker recommended a greater diversification of my investments	he limited his losses by diversification of his product line
roll	V	9-3	I want to get there early ; let 's roll .	The cameras were rolling
deal	N	7-4	he 's a master of the business deal	it was a package deal
connect	V	3-2	The two streets connect to become a highway	My computer connected to his computer .
origin	N	4-1	the rumor had its origin in idle gossip	mineral origin
economy	N	0-6	economy of effort	the Scots are famous for their economy
apply	V	1-3	I apply this rule to get good results	This thinking was applied to many projects
hold	V	0-1	hold all calls to the President 's office while he is in a meeting	judge held that the defendant was innocent
hall	N	7-8	The drinking fountain was out in the hall .	the elevators were at the end of the hall
application	N	2-7	a novel application of electronics to medical diagnosis	he has tried several different word processing applications
approach	V	0-0	approach a new project	approach a task
take	V	1-0	We take the Times every day	take sick
place	N	4-1	this is a nice place for a picnic	a place in my heart
point	N	2-3	at that point I had to leave	a row of points
stuff	N	4-16	What is all that stuff on your bedroom floor ?	He did n't want his pockets to bulge so he was walking around with all his stuff in his hands .
break	V	0-3	break a branch from a tree	Did you two break the trolley by racing with it ?
run	V	0-0	run rogue	run a new program on the Mac
work	V	0-2	work the body onto the flatbed truck	This pilot works the controls
pass	N	7-5	the plane turned to make a second pass	the media representatives had special passes
beat	V	0-0	beat one 's foot rhythmically	beat one 's breast
sound	N	1-1	the sound awakened them	Puget Sound ; Owen Sound
cut	V	0-0	cut trenches	cut a hole
raise	V	1-0	We raise hogs here	raise the price of bread
chromosome	N	3-11	humans have 22 chromosome pairs plus two sex chromosomes	There have been documented cases of morphologically male transgenders having XX chromosomes .
score	N	3-1	what was your score on your homework ?	the score was 7 to 0
shovel	V	0-1	shovel sand	he shovelled in the backyard all afternoon long
bankruptcy	N	1-1	moral bankruptcy	intellectual bankruptcy
see	V	3-3	I 'll probably see you at the meeting	The 1960 's saw the rebellion of the younger generation against established traditions
make	V	0-2	make advances	She 'll make a fine president .
take	V	0-3	take an opportunity	The escaped convict took to the hills
analyze	V	0-0	analyze a chemical compound	analyze a specimen
get	V	0-0	get an idea	get nauseous
make	V	3-1	They hope to make a bigger profit	He made as if to punch him , but they both laughed and shook hands .
pit	V	0-2	pit plums and cherries	One must pit a peach to make it ready for a pie .
make	V	3-1	She may not make the grade	He made twenty bucks playing poker last night .
contraction	N	6-5	` wo n't ' is a contraction of ` will not '	` o'clock ' is a contraction of ` of the clock '
catch	V	11-4	I have some free time tonight so I think I 'll catch a movie .	The fashion did not catch
focus	V	1-1	Please focus on your studies and not on your hobbies	We focused on it .
point	N	3-3	he stuck the point of the knife into a tree	a row of points
account	N	8-4	he predicted that although it is of small account now it will rapidly increase in importance	a person of considerable account
floor	N	5-7	The room has a wooden floor .	they needed rugs to cover the bare floors
behalf	N	2-4	in your behalf	campaigning in his own behalf
feel	V	2-1	I can feel the sadness in his poems .	He felt his flesh crawl
reproduction	N	1-2	Unauthorized reproduction of this article is prohibited .	Gutenberg 's reproduction of holy texts was far more efficient
bring	V	3-1	Waiter , please bring me a single malt whiskey .	This brings me to the main point
give	V	3-1	What will you give her for her birthday ?	He gives of his energies to the organization .
say	V	2-2	Let 's say you had a lot of money -- what would you do ?	Let us say that he did not tell the truth
leave	V	0-3	leave the flowers that you see in the park behind	the fugitive has left the country
stand	V	1-1	We stand on common ground	Paris stands on the Seine .
forefront	N	8-6	the idea of motion was always to the forefront of his mind and central to his philosophy	the Cotswolds were once at the forefront of woollen manufacturing in England
book	N	1-4	the book of Isaiah	Genesis is the first book of the Bible .
call	V	4-4	Why do n't you call me in the morning ?     Why do n't you call tomorrow ?	Take two aspirin and call me in the morning
connect	V	2-2	Can you connect the two loudspeakers ?	Our computers connected together .
breath	N	2-3	not a breath of scandal ever touched her	The child 's breath came quickly and unevenly .
connect	V	4-2	The new railroad will connect the northern part of the state to the southern part .	Our computers connected together .
make	V	4-1	How much do you make a month in your new job ?	She made ten points in that game .
time	N	7-3	Okay , but this is the last time . No more after that !	See you another time ;    that 's three times he 's made the same mistake
take	V	5-0	I estimate the trip will take about ten minutes .	Take a cookie !
make	V	6-3	You have to spend money to make money !	this little pig made his house out of straw
smile	N	3-4	She had a smile on her face .	He always puts a smile on my face .
worry	N	5-1	it is not work but worry that kills	his worry over the prospect of being fired
grip	N	1-11	The grip of a sword	it was an old briefcase but it still had a good grip
stretch	V	1-6	Cats stretch with equal ease and agility beyond the point that breaks a man on the rack .	To enjoy the picnic , we stretched out on the grass
move	V	6-1	Come on guys , let 's move : there 's work to do !	To move in a matter
play	N	5-3	the ball was still in play	there was heavy play at the blackjack table
break	V	0-0	break a promise	break a law
conflict	N	2-1	the familiar conflict between Republicans and Democrats	his conflict of interest made him ineligible for the post
work	V	4-4	This dough does not work easily ;    the soft metal works well	He used pliers to work the wire into shape .
treasure	N	4-6	the pirates hid their treasure on a small island in the West Indies	the trunk held all her meager treasures
uncork	V	0-0	uncork the French wine	Uncork a bottle of wine
cut	V	0-4	cut a ticket	The employer wants to cut back health benefits
trail	N	3-1	there as a trail of blood	the trail led straight to the perpetrator
match	V	13-0	These two copies are supposed to be identical , but they do n't match .	Match my sweater
raise	V	1-0	We raise hogs here	raise a mutiny
day	N	2-3	after that day she never trusted him again	those were the days
train	V	0-2	train the vine	She is training to be a teacher
time	N	6-1	it took more than half my time	take time to smell the roses
prepare	V	0-3	prepare a report	The prince was prepared to become King one day
bake	V	1-0	Potatoes bake to a crisp .	bake the potatoes
hold	V	4-0	A crazy idea took hold of him	Hold this bowl for a moment , please
term	N	1-5	The term allowed to a debtor to discharge his debt	He was sentenced to a term of six years in prison .
trick	N	3-14	he played a trick on me	As the businessman rounded the corner , she thought , " Here comes another trick . "
account	N	4-9	he gave an inaccurate account of the plot to kill the president	he asked to see the executive who handled his account
war	N	1-2	the war on poverty	The " war on terror " is a campaign against terrorist crime .
wall	N	2-1	the south wall had a small window	the walls were covered with pictures
burn	V	0-2	burn a CD	Witches were burned in Salem
break	V	10-8	If the vase falls to the floor , it might break .	My daughter 's fancy wedding is going to break me !
song	N	5-5	Thomas listened to his favorite song on the radio yesterday .	with a shout and a song they marched up to the gates
gather	V	0-6	gather the close family members	Be careful not to stretch or gather your knitting .
raise	V	0-2	raise a siege	The President raised several million dollars for his college
stretch	V	0-2	stretch the fabric	I always stretch my muscles before exercising .
mouth	N	5-6	the jar had a wide mouth	they built a fire at the mouth of the cave
tumult	N	1-1	The tumult of the elements	The tumult of the spirits or passions
clear	V	0-2	clear the leaves from the lawn	the balloon cleared the tree tops
head	N	6-1	This song keeps going through my head .	the head of the whole operation
business	N	2-6	Government and business could not agree	computers are now widely used in business
unit	N	6-6	the dollar is the United States unit of currency	the word is a basic linguistic unit
make	V	0-4	make lead into gold	How much do you make a month in your new job ?
time	N	7-1	he was a great actor in his time	this time he succeeded
make	V	0-1	make a mess in one 's office	She made ten points in that game .
turn	V	0-1	turn your face to the wall	Ivory turns well .
extend	V	2-0	Can we extend the legs of this dining table ?	extend the TV antenna
support	N	6-6	the statue stood on a marble support	he leaned against the wall for support
rest	N	4-8	The boulder came to rest just behind the house after rolling down the mountain .	a body will continue in a state of rest until acted upon
sense	N	1-1	a sense of security	a sense of happiness
spring	N	8-0	the emerging buds were a sure sign of spring	Spring is the time of the year most species reproduce .
go	V	4-1	Ready , set , go !	I went on holiday and got malaria .
use	V	0-1	use your head !	I used to get sick when I ate in that dining hall
business	N	2-6	We do business all over the world .	computers are now widely used in business
slit	V	1-0	He slit the bag open and the rice began pouring out .	slit the throat of the victim
develop	V	0-2	develop the rook	The country developed into a mighty superpower
operation	N	7-2	the power of its engine determines its operation	a multinational operation
break	V	0-2	break a branch from a tree	Kids were break - dancing at the street corner
strike	V	0-0	strike coins	strike a pose
roll	V	0-1	roll your hair around your finger	Bill rolled the ball down the hill .
rebellion	N	4-6	his body was in rebellion against fatigue	each generation must have its own rebellion
safety	N	2-8	insure the safety of the children	If you push it to the limit , safety is not guaranteed .
block	N	4-4	he reserved a large block of seats	he held a large block of the company 's stock
leave	V	3-4	She wants to leave	The president 's remarks left us speechless
interest	N	4-5	Victorian furniture is an interest of mine .	Lexicography is one of my interests .
shock	N	5-4	whole fields of wheat in shock	it came as a shock to learn that he was injured
command	N	5-2	General Smith was placed in command .	a good command of French
section	N	1-2	a section of a fishing rod	the finance section of the company
cover	V	8-2	When the pot comes to a boil , cover it and reduce the heat to medium .	The course covered all of Western Civilization
keep	V	0-1	keep food for a week in the pantry	She keeps a sixpack and a week 's worth of supplies in the refrigerator
carry	V	2-3	The airwaves carry the sound	The news was carried to every village in the province
head	N	1-2	200 head of cattle and 50 head of horses	Tap the head of the drum for this roll .
crash	V	2-2	let 's crash the party !	the economy crashed
break	V	2-5	Can you break a hundred - dollar bill for me ?	The bus we travelled in broke down on the way to town
channel	N	1-1	a channel is typically what you rent from a telephone company	The channel is created by bonding the signals from these four pairs .
carry	V	3-3	He can not carry a tune	The Federal Government carried the province for many years
convention	N	1-7	political convention	The EU installed an inter - institutional Convention to draft a European constitution
foot	N	1-1	the foot of the mountain	the foot of the list
quality	N	3-13	a man of quality	A peasant is not allowed to fall in love with a lady of quality .
open	V	2-1	Vermont will open elk hunting season next week .	This opens up new possibilities
operation	N	4-15	they will schedule the operation as soon as an operating room is available	It is dangerous to look at the beam of a laser while it is in operation .
touch	N	4-6	he longed for the touch of her hand	this room needs a woman 's touch
take	V	3-0	You ca n't take credit for this !	take a pulse
tolerate	V	2-3	I can tolerate working on Saturdays , but not on Sundays .	he learned to tolerate the heat
number	N	5-7	she preferred the black nylon number	this sweater is an all - wool number
furniture	N	9-2	The woman does not even have one stick of furniture moved in yet .	How much furniture did they leave behind ?
make	V	0-0	make revolution	make an effort
beat	V	0-0	beat the drum	beat one 's breast
post	N	7-3	if you hurry you 'll catch the post	is there any post for me ?
support	N	3-6	The government provides support to the arts in several ways .	the president no longer has the support of his own party
death	N	5-1	he seemed more content in death than he had ever been in life	her death came as a terrible shock
run	N	7-5	the defensive line braced to stop the run	the team enjoyed a brief run of victories
carry	V	4-2	put down 5 and carry 2	I am carrying his child
return	N	1-1	in return we gave them as good as we got	A return to one 's question
make	V	2-1	He will make a splendid father !	She makes more than he does , and works longer hours than he does , but she still does most of the house - cleaning .
tab	N	4-9	files with a red tab will be stored separately	the filing cards were organized by cards having indexed tabs
line	N	2-6	toe the line	historians can only point out those lines for which evidence is available
space	N	5-5	they stopped at an open space in the jungle	the astronauts walked in outer space without a tether
make	V	2-0	He will make a fine father	make a fire
draw	V	0-7	draw pulp from the fruit	They saw that the night was quickly drawing in , so they pitched their tent .
communicate	V	3-6	Many deaf people communicate with sign language .	He and his sons have n't communicated for years
charge	N	5-3	this cartridge has a powder charge of 50 grains	the newspaper published charges that Jones was guilty of drunken driving
didacticism	N	1-1	the didacticism of the 19th century gave birth to many great museums	the didacticism expected in books for the young
work	V	4-3	This dough does not work easily ;    the soft metal works well	The soft metal works well
know	V	3-1	She does n't know this composer	We know this movie
develop	V	1-1	Please develop this roll of film for me	Please develop this roll of film .
tell	V	2-1	Can you tell whether those flowers are real or silk , from this distance ?     No , there 's no way to tell .	Ellen told Helen about the situation .
play	V	3-3	On weekends I play	She has been playing on Broadway for years
paste	V	2-0	cut and paste the sentence in the text	paste the sign on the wall
shot	N	1-3	The shot was wide off the mark .	he poured a shot of whiskey
play	V	0-1	play cards	We played hockey all afternoon
lift	V	0-1	lift a ban	I lifted the books onto the table .
poison	V	0-0	poison the atmosphere in the office	poison someone 's mind
level	N	9-1	Take the elevator and get off at the promenade level .	what level is the office on ?
impression	N	4-4	he did a funny impression of a politician	the dentist took an impression for use in preparing an inlay
head	N	1-1	the head of the list	the head of the stairs
time	N	7-4	he was a great actor in his time	he waited a long time
gather	V	0-1	gather some stones	People gathered round as he began to tell his story .
conflict	N	1-10	The conflict between the government and the rebels began three years ago .	I wanted to attend the meeting but there 's a conflict in my schedule that day .
sight	N	1-2	the sight of his wife brought him back to reality	To gain sight of land
bounce	V	8-3	The ex - boxer 's job is to bounce people who want to enter this private club	The rubber ball bounced
space	N	8-11	they tested his ability to locate objects in space	Functional analysis is best approached through a sound knowledge of Hilbert space theory .
hang	V	0-4	hang a door	The cloud of suspicion hangs over her
break	N	1-5	the break in the eighth frame cost him the match	they hoped to avoid a break in relations
recognition	N	9-1	He looked at her for ten full minutes before recognition dawned .	increasing recognition that diabetes frequently coexists with other chronic diseases
take	V	1-1	We take all major credit cards .	We took a pay cut
break	V	0-2	break a branch from a tree	The twig broke off the branch .
wall	N	2-1	the south wall had a small window	a wall of prejudice
follow	V	2-0	Can you follow her argument ?	Follow a pattern
line	V	1-0	To line the shelves	line one 's pockets
carry	V	1-2	I carry these thoughts in the back of my head	I will carry the secret to my grave
time	N	4-3	We had a wonderful time at the party .	he had a time holding back the tears
while	N	6-6	he was here for a little while	He lectured for quite a long while .
acknowledge	V	2-4	* I acknowledge my transgressions . - Psalm 51:3 .	* For ends generally acknowledged to be good . - Thomas Macaulay
see	V	2-1	Can you see the bird in that tree ?	I saw their laughing and joking .
air	N	7-7	The flock of birds took to the air .	open a window and let in some air
mouth	N	5-5	she wiped lipstick from her mouth	the jar had a wide mouth
history	N	3-4	all of human history	the dawn of recorded history
give	V	2-2	Can I give you the children for the weekend ?	Can I give you my keys while I go in the pool ?
snow	V	3-2	It started to snow .	It was snowing all night
baby	N	1-1	the baby of the family	the baby of the Supreme Court
make	V	0-6	make a stir	One swallow does not a summer make
luck	N	4-2	it was my good luck to be there	they say luck is a lady
life	N	2-4	Get a life .	his heroism saved a life
run	V	2-0	I will run the sample .	run the dogs
tea	N	11-8	Would you be a dear and get me a cup of tea , please ?	the store shelves held many different kinds of tea
mean	V	1-3	I mean no harm	I did n't mean to knock your tooth out .
cut	V	0-0	cut a Ping - Pong ball	cut paper dolls
work	V	4-4	How does your idea work in practice ?	This method does n't work
break	V	0-2	break the cycle of poverty	Three inmates broke jail
keep	V	0-1	keep a diary	I keep a small stock of painkillers for emergencies .
go	V	5-5	These luxuries all had to go under the Khmer Rouge	This chair has got to go .
life	N	0-13	life depends on many chemical and physical processes	Having experienced both , the vampire decided that he preferred ( un)death to life .
floor	N	1-7	The floor of a cave served the refugees as a home .	Many sunken ships rest on the ocean floor .
element	N	3-2	water is the element of fishes	in your element
head	N	5-3	tickets are $ 5 per head	he is two heads taller than his little sister
make	V	1-0	Clothes make the man	make laws
remember	V	0-0	remember me in your prayers	Remember to call your mother every day !
see	V	8-1	You have to be a good observer to see all the details	I saw their laughing and joking .
encounter	N	4-1	there was a brief encounter in the hallway	Their encounter was a matter of chance
home	N	7-5	he grew up in a good Christian home	there 's no place like home
presence	N	3-6	he sensed the presence of danger	Any painter can benefit from the presence of a live model from which to draw .
use	V	0-0	use the plastic bags to store the food	Use this knife to slice the bread .
work	V	2-4	I will work hard to improve my grades	She knows how to work the system
translate	V	4-4	The renowned director could translate experience to film with ease .	the growth in income translates into greater purchasing power
take	V	0-0	take vengeance	take steps
head	N	4-1	they were at the head of the attack	the head of the humerus
cut	V	0-0	cut paper dolls	cut a nice figure
cut	V	3-1	The football player cut to his left to evade a tackle .	soap cuts grease
date	N	1-7	his date never stopped talking	we have n't heard from them to date
lead	N	6-9	the police are following a promising lead	we were just waiting for someone to take the lead
coverage	N	11-3	Do n't go to lunch if we do n't have enough coverage for the help - desk phones .	There are overlapping coverages on your insurance policies .
level	N	1-9	what level is the office on ?	Take the elevator and get off at the promenade level .
connect	V	4-1	The new railroad will connect the northern part of the state to the southern part .	Herman connected the computers together .
dog	N	1-1	the dog barked all night	The dogs were too hot to touch .
grace	N	2-4	God 's grace is manifested in the salvation of sinners	there but for the grace of God go I
neighborhood	N	1-4	my neighborhood voted for Bush	it is a friendly neighborhood
end	N	12-2	Start at the beginning and go on until you come to the end	At the end of the road , turn left .     At the end of the story , the main characters fall in love .
keep	V	0-0	keep your cool	Keep smiling
roughcast	V	0-1	roughcast a wall	To roughcast a wall or building
stand	V	0-1	stand the test of time	There stood on the corner a statue .
roll	V	0-2	roll a cigarette	The drawer rolled open .
people	N	1-2	his people have been farmers for generations	are your people still alive ?
motion	N	2-3	the reflex motion of his eyebrows revealed his surprise	he made a motion to adjourn
turn	V	0-2	turn cartwheels	The water turned into ice
run	V	6-1	My computer is too old to run the new OS .	They ran twenty blood tests on me and they still do n't know what 's wrong .
trend	N	1-7	The trend of a coastline ;    the upward trend of stock - market prices	not openly liberal but that is the trend of the book
way	N	4-7	Do you know the way to the airport ?	he said he was looking for the way out
come	V	0-1	come down here !	He came from France .
relate	V	3-5	I can not relate these events at all	I find it difficult to relate to others because i 'm extremely introverted .
cut	V	0-3	cut recording tape	Would you please cut the cake ?
agree	V	5-1	The two stories do n't agree in many details	They agreed with her how to do it .
dip	N	5-2	I 'm going for a dip before breakfast .	This onion dip is just scrumptious .
beat	V	2-3	The boat beat in the strong wind	The sun was beating down on us
rest	N	7-5	the gun was steadied on a special rest	The ocean was finally at rest .
sack	N	3-8	He got the sack for being late all the time .	The boss is gon na give her the sack today .
assumption	N	1-2	your assumption that I would agree was unwarranted	on the assumption that he has been injured we can infer that he will not to play
authority	N	3-3	he is an authority on corporate law	I have the authority to penalise the staff in my department , but not the authority to sack them .
position	N	8-1	Chief of Staff is the second - highest position in the army .	the position of the hands on the clock
refine	V	0-0	refine paper stock	refine pig iron
scrap	N	4-5	there was not a scrap left	she jotted it on a scrap of paper
play	V	4-5	This speech did n't play well with the American public	Play football ;    play sports ;    play games
see	V	3-3	I want to see results	The 1960 's saw the rebellion of the younger generation against established traditions
raise	V	0-0	raise a protest	raised edges
remove	V	0-1	remove a case to another court	Doug removed the smudges .
third	N	3-2	Jones came in third .	a distant third
form	N	4-8	his resentment took the form of extreme hostility	the composition presents problems for students of musical form
find	V	3-2	I can not find my gloves !	Did you find your glasses ?
text	N	6-8	he wants to reconstruct the original text	there were more than a thousand words of text
coordinate	V	0-0	coordinate our efforts	coordinate his actions with that of his colleagues
work	V	4-3	This dough does not work easily	The soft metal works well
suspect	V	1-1	I suspect he is a fugitive	To suspect the presence of disease
sack	N	8-3	The boss is gon na give her the sack today .	He got the sack for being late all the time .
fill	N	11-4	Do n't feed him any more : he 's had his fill .	she had heard her fill of gossip
block	V	0-1	block a garment	He blocked the basketball player 's shot .
language	N	12-0	the speed with which a program can be executed depends on the language in which it is written	language sets homo sapiens apart from all other animals
snap	V	9-1	If you bend it too much , it will snap .	She snapped a picture of the President
pattern	N	4-2	they stayed in the pattern until the fog lifted	the traffic patterns around O'Hare are very crowded
approve	V	1-2	I approve of his educational policies	I certainly approved of Mary 's acquaitance .
dozen	N	7-4	There should n't be more than two dozen Christmas cards left to write .	Can I have a dozen eggs , please ?
theater	N	5-6	he served in the Vietnam theater for three years	His grandfather was in the Pacific theater during the war .
leave	N	3-4	she was granted leave to speak	The applicant now seeks leave to appeal and , if leave be granted , to appeal against these sentences .
unemployment	N	3-0	the rate of unemployment is an indicator of the health of an economy	Unemployment made Jack depressed .
play	V	14-1	I 've practiced the piano off and on , and I still ca n't play very well .	He plays the flute
throat	N	1-1	the throat of a chimney	the throat of the vase
return	N	5-9	they set out on their return to the base camp	I expect the house to be spotless upon my return .
pull	V	0-2	pull a chicken	the car pulls to the right
finish	N	3-9	The car 's finish was so shiny and new .	almost an inspiration which gives to all work that finish which is almost art "-- Joseph Conrad
line	N	2-4	toe the line	he got out of line
bum	N	4-4	That mechanic 's a bum - he could n't fix a yo - yo .	Fred is becoming a bum - he 's not even bothering to work more than once a month .
carry	V	2-1	You must carry your camping gear	Sound carries well over water
head	N	3-6	he stuck his head out the window	A reduction in the assessment per head of sheep
sign	N	6-0	Their angry expressions were a clear sign they did n't want to talk .	Signs of disease are objective , whereas symptoms are subjective .
connect	V	3-2	This computer will connect well to the network .	These computers connected well together .
way	N	4-4	did n't know the way home	it 's a long way to Moscow
take	V	3-2	How should I take this message ?	The army took the fort on the hill
order	V	0-0	order a work stoppage	Order me some flowers
wall	N	1-5	a wall of water	negotiations ran into a brick wall
cut	V	1-2	She cut him dead at the meeting	The car cut to the left at the intersection
make	V	1-0	To make like a deer caught in the headlights .	make merry
approach	V	0-2	approach a task	I was approached by the President to serve as his adviser in foreign matters
turn	V	0-0	turn your palm this way	turn a key
know	V	2-3	Do you know my sister ?	She does n't know this composer
turn	V	0-0	turn your dance partner around	turn the car around
check	V	0-0	check the brakes	Check whether this page has a watermark .
run	V	3-0	let the dogs run free	run through your presentation before the meeting
break	V	3-5	Did you two break the trolley by racing with it ?	The bus we travelled in broke down on the way to town
lead	N	6-2	the police are following a promising lead	the trail led straight to the perpetrator
make	V	0-2	make water into wine	My wife made me buy a new sofa
shake	V	3-3	I could n't shake the car that was following me	The bad news shook her hopes
bevy	N	1-5	a bevy of young beach boys swarmed around him	he was surrounded by a bevy of beauties in bathing attire
case	N	14-2	for English , a compositor will ordinarily have two such cases , the upper case containing the capitals and the lower case containing the small letters	a typical case was the suburban housewife described by a marriage counselor
picture	N	2-4	the political picture is favorable	the dictionary had many pictures
break	V	0-2	break a law	let 's break for lunch
head	N	7-1	We will consider performance issues under the head of future improvements .	a head of steam
luck	N	1-4	bad luck caused his downfall	Gilbert had some bad luck yesterday — he got pick - pocketed and lost fifty dollars .
make	V	0-1	make a phone call	Wood makes good furniture
course	N	5-7	if you persist in that course you will surely fail	once a nation is embarked on a course of action it becomes extremely difficult for any retraction to take place
charger	N	5-5	Put the batteries in the charger overnight so we can use them tomorrow .	The knight rode a white charger .
fire	N	5-4	put the kettle on the fire	barbecue over an open fire
shade	N	8-8	an achievement that puts everything else in the shade	his brother 's success left him in the shade
run	V	6-2	If you see this man , run !	Who 's running for treasurer this year ?
tea	N	7-0	Go to the supermarket and buy some tea .	tea has fragrant white flowers
nationality	N	6-4	such images define their sense of nationality	immigrants of the same nationality often seek each other out
float	V	0-2	float data	The dancer floated across the stage
area	N	1-7	the area of a rectangle	it was about 500 square feet in area
spring	N	3-8	I spent my spring holidays in Morocco .	the emerging buds were a sure sign of spring
spray	V	0-0	spray paint on the wall	spray water on someone
cut	V	6-2	The glass from the shattered windshield cut into her forehead	The sweat cut little rivulets into her face
boss	N	4-1	He is the Republican boss in Kentucky .	party bosses have a reputation for corruption
run	V	0-3	run a new program on the Mac	let the dogs run free
bull	N	3-5	he was a bull of a man	what he said was mostly bull
stand	V	3-2	We had to stand for the entire performance !	The statue stood on the corner .
carry	V	1-2	We carry a very large mortgage	His efforts carried the entire project
hit	V	3-1	I have to hit the MAC machine before the weekend starts	Jones hit for the pitcher .
mean	V	3-9	I did n't mean to knock your tooth out .	I 'm afraid I do n't understand what you mean .
part	N	2-3	the written part of the exam	Please turn to Part I , Chapter 2 .
rain	N	7-1	We 've been having a lot of rain lately .	The rains came late that year .
bear	V	0-3	bear a resemblance	The unidentified plant bore gorgeous flowers
face	N	9-1	I wish I had seen the look on his face when he got the news	the face of the city is changing
light	N	3-4	can you shed light on this problem ?	he finally saw the light
float	V	0-2	float a ship	The government floated the ruble for a few months
origin	N	1-4	mineral origin	the rumor had its origin in idle gossip
repertory	N	1-3	the repertory of the supposed feats of mesmerism	has a large repertory of dialects and characters
mail	N	6-1	he works for the United States mail service	the mail handles billions of items every day
avoid	V	3-1	I try to avoid the company of gamblers .	We avoided the ball .
air	N	0-6	air pollution	There was a tension in the air which made me suspect an approaching storm .
get	V	3-3	Where did she get these news ?	You can not get water out of a stone
take	V	4-1	This box wo n't take all the items	She took a chill
community	N	9-6	the preachers and the bootleggers found they had a community of interests	they hoped to join the NATO community
make	V	0-0	make friends	make enemies
fondle	V	1-1	Mothers fondle their babies .	They fondled in the back seat of the taxi
line	N	3-5	drop me a line when you get there	they attacked the enemy 's line
pack	V	3-0	You had better pack your swollen ankle with ice	pack the faucet
light	N	3-4	can you shed light on this problem ?	do you have a light ?
raise	V	6-8	We visited a farm where they raise chickens .	Chew with your mouth shut — were you raised in a barn ?
number	N	1-4	every number has a unique position in the sequence	he has an unlisted number
vote	N	4-11	they allowed just one vote per person	The Supreme Court upheld the principle of one person , one vote .
run	V	0-4	run an errand	who are these people running around in the building ?
cardinal	N	1-2	The cardinal number " three " can be represented as " 3 " or " three " .	The smallest cardinal numbers are 0 , 1 , 2 , and 3 .
ease	N	6-5	they put it into containers for ease of transportation	a life of luxury and ease
give	V	0-1	give a course	I gave him my coat .
sale	N	4-3	He celebrated after the sale of company .	they held a sale to reduce their inventory
come	V	0-2	come out of the closet !	The guests came at eight o'clock .
break	V	7-1	Is it your or my turn to break ?	She broke his neck .
nick	N	7-4	He 's just been released from Shadwell nick prison after doing ten years for attempted murder .	he 's in the nick
fatigue	N	6-1	the American public is experiencing scandal fatigue	political fatigue
fall	V	0-0	fall into a strange way of thinking	Fall in love
cast	N	5-2	Her features had a delicate cast to them .	the delicate cast of his features
keep	V	8-0	There 's little to earn and many to keep	Keep the child from eating the marbles
range	N	5-7	the army maintains a missile range in the desert	any good golf club will have a range where you can practice
leave	V	6-4	At what time does your train leave ?	His good luck finally left him
song	N	1-5	the song of the wind	Thomas listened to his favorite song on the radio yesterday .
direction	N	2-5	is the direction of the economy a function of government ?	I could n't follow the direction of his thoughts
go	V	4-4	The speech has to go through several more drafts	His knowledge does n't go very far
make	V	0-0	make love , not war	make revolution
field	N	5-4	The design needs to be field - tested before we commit to manufacture .	he longed for the fields of his youth
owe	V	2-2	I still owe for the car	The thesis owes much to his adviser
catch	V	0-2	catch one 's breath	The fire caught
indication	N	1-0	an indication of foul play	indications of strain
drop	V	3-8	shop til you drop	A single shot was fired and the bird dropped from the sky .
put	V	1-2	He put all his efforts into this job	The teacher put an interesting twist to the interpretation of the story
make	V	3-1	They hope to make a bigger profit	She made ten points in that game .
stay	V	2-13	You can stay with me while you are in town	We stayed in Hawaii for a week .     I can only stay for an hour .
carry	V	2-1	Do you carry kerosene heaters ?	Amanda carried the package to New York from home .
war	N	1-1	the war on poverty	the war against crime
pay	V	0-1	pay up , please !	It pays to go through the trouble
support	N	5-6	his faith was all the support he needed	they developed a scheme of mutual support
bit	N	5-3	I 'd like a big bit of cake , please .	there are 8 bits in a byte
check	V	2-8	I will check up on the car tomorrow .	Katie 's sick , so I need to check up on her and see if she needs anything .
pay	V	3-1	She had to pay the penalty for speaking out rashly	He paid him to clean the place up ;    he paid her off the books and in kind where possible
stretch	V	0-1	stretch the fabric	I stretched the rubber band until it almost broke .
be	V	2-1	I may be an hour	Where is my umbrella ? " " The toolshed is in the back
call	V	4-3	Take two aspirin and call me in the morning	I tried to call you all night
check	N	3-6	they made a check of their equipment	he paid all his bills by check
wash	V	9-2	The car is so dirty , we need to wash it .	Can you wash away the spots on the windows ?
appear	V	3-2	He had to appear in court last month	A ship appeared .
line	N	1-2	the line stretched clear around the corner	a nice line of shoes
make	V	0-0	make a wall of stones	make a dress
authority	N	4-3	The world 's foremost authority on orangutans	I have the authority to penalise the staff in my department , but not the authority to sack them .
bum	N	9-4	That guy keeps interrupting the concert . Throw the bum out !	Fred is becoming a bum - he 's not even bothering to work more than once a month .
vehicle	N	4-5	a congregation is a vehicle of group identity	the play was just a vehicle to display her talents
master	N	1-4	a master of the violin	one of the old masters
masturbate	V	5-6	I find this difficult to masturbate to .	The old man wanted to be masturbated by the prostitute
spend	V	1-1	I spend my pocket money in two days	I spent the time worrying about the future .
negociate	V	0-2	negociate securities	The pianist negociated the difficult runs
quality	N	1-0	the quality of students has risen	Quality of life is usually determined by health , education , and income .
strike	V	2-7	We must strike the enemy 's oil fields	in the fifth inning , the Giants struck , sending three runners home to win the game 5 to 2
avoid	V	4-1	Her former friends now avoid her	He avoided his nagging .
stay	V	1-1	To stay a flat sheet in a steam boiler	Please stay the bloodshed !
connect	V	2-2	Can you connect the two loudspeakers ?	These computers connected well together .
describe	V	5-1	The feeling is difficult to describe , but not unpleasant .	He described what we should do .
wash	N	4-14	My jacket needs a wash .	at the end of the year the accounting department showed that it was a wash
grater	N	10-2	I 'm making coleslaw ; do you know where the grater is ?	Modern cheese graters have more than one side so the cheese can be sliced in different ways .
stay	V	3-9	I had to stay at home and watch the children	After the trial period , she was asked to stay on and work full - time .
business	N	4-0	show me where the business was today	business is good today
treatment	N	1-1	his treatment of the race question is badly biased	A treatment or cure is applied after a medical problem has already started .
leave	N	3-3	she was granted leave to speak	Might I beg leave to accompany you ?
rhythm	N	5-7	the piece has a fast rhythm	We walked with a quick , even rhythm .
beg	V	1-1	I beg your pardon . I did n't mean to cause offence .	I begged to come .
make	V	0-1	make a wall of stones	They made nice together , as if their fight never happened .
block	N	7-1	Anne Boleyn placed her head on the block and awaited her execution .	A block of stone .
floor	N	5-8	The room has a wooden floor .	we spread our sleeping bags on the dry floor of the tent
run	N	5-4	the team enjoyed a brief run of victories	Yesterday we did a run of 12,000 units .
head	N	1-7	the head of the list	I 've got to go to the head .
run	V	3-1	The sale will run for ten days .	They ran twenty blood tests on me and they still do n't know what 's wrong .
buildup	N	2-1	a military buildup in preparation for the invasion	the buildup of leaves blocked the drain pipes
focus	V	12-1	If you 're going to beat your competitors , you need to focus .	We focused on reading the book .
range	N	6-7	We hiked through the Andes mountain range .	the plains lay just beyond the mountain range
produce	V	2-2	These chemicals produce a noxious vapor	This procedure produces a curious effect
work	V	3-7	He could not work the math problem	this unpleasant situation is n't going to work itself out
hold	V	0-2	hold your breath	This package holds six bottles .
take	V	0-0	take steps	take the gun from your pocket
raise	V	3-0	They managed to raise Hanoi last night	raise a smile
head	N	1-1	the head of a comet	call heads or tails !
get	V	3-2	You can not get water out of a stone	We 'll get them !
see	V	1-6	I see that you have been promoted	Did you know that she is seeing an older man ?
meeting	N	6-3	They came together in a chance meeting on the way home from work .	next year the meeting will be in Chicago
make	V	2-0	She 'll make a fine president .	make a dress
chair	N	21-9	All I need to weather a snowstorm is hot coffee , a warm fire , a good book and a comfortable chair .	he put his coat over the back of the chair and sat down
disposition	N	4-3	he has a happy disposition	I have little disposition now to do as you say .
tone	N	2-2	from the tone of her behavior I gathered that I had outstayed my welcome	the general tone of articles appearing in the newspapers is that the government should withdraw
time	N	7-1	Okay , but this is the last time . No more after that !	this time he succeeded
pack	V	7-1	Such odd - shaped items do not pack well	She packs a gun when she goes into the mountains
neck	N	5-5	the banjo had a long neck	the bottle had a wide neck
damage	N	6-4	The storm did a lot of damage to the area .	" What 's the damage ? " he asked the waiter .
body	N	2-7	the student body	they moved their arms and legs and bodies
cry	V	9-1	before we had newspapers , a town crier would cry the news	He cried his merchandise in the market square
carry	V	2-1	These pipes carry waste water into the river	Amanda carried the package to New York from home .
strike	V	0-2	strike a medal	The boxer struck the attacker dead
work	V	0-4	work stone into tools	How does your idea work in practice ?
portfolio	N	8-10	I would like to introduce you to our portfolio of services .	they were disappointed by the poor returns on their stock portfolio
pay	V	3-2	Crime does n't pay ;     it will pay to wait	You 'll pay for this opinion later
fill	N	4-3	she had heard her fill of gossip	he ate his fill of potatoes
keep	V	9-0	The family 's fortune waned and they could not keep their household staff	keep count
hold	V	6-0	To carry well , i.e. to hold the head high , with arching neck	Hold my coat for me .
hold	V	1-2	To hold true ;    to hold good	I 'll hold you by your promise
light	N	3-8	they saw the light of the beacon	he stopped the car and turned off the lights
move	N	2-1	A slight move of the tiller , and the boat will go off course .	his move put him directly in my path
control	V	0-0	control the budget	control an account
waste	N	3-3	much of the waste material is carried off in the sewers	they collect the waste once a week
carry	V	2-7	These bonds carry warrants	the dog was taught to fetch and carry
work	V	7-0	this unpleasant situation is n't going to work itself out	Work the soil
work	V	4-1	She knows how to work the system .	he works his parents for sympathy
bar	N	10-6	it was an excellent kick but the ball hit the bar	the orchestra omitted the last twelve bars of the song
break	N	3-4	there was a break in the action when a player was hurt	he was up two breaks in the second set
play	V	5-2	Play football ;    play sports ;    play games	Let 's play like I am mommy
raise	V	1-0	To raise Sandy Hook light	raise a family
know	V	1-3	I know that the President lied to the people	I want to know who is winning the game !
call	V	0-4	call a runner out	The mayor likes to call on some of the prominent citizens
work	V	4-1	Do you want to work after the age of 60 ?	She works as a waitress to put herself through college
gather	V	1-2	I gather from Aunty May that you had a good day at the match .	Let 's gather in the dining room
give	V	2-1	can you give me lessons ?	I gave her my money
touch	V	3-0	He could not touch the meaning of the poem	Touch the stone for good luck
hit	V	3-1	An interesting idea hit her	He hit a home run
drag	N	3-3	he took a drag on his cigarette and expelled the smoke slowly	He performed in drag .
pack	V	3-0	You had better pack your swollen ankle with ice	Pack your tents to the top of the mountain
hit	V	2-1	We were hit by really bad weather	He hit .300 in the past season
soften	V	3-0	This liquid will soften your laundry	Soften the butter before beating in the sugar .
credit	N	9-2	He arrived five minutes late , but to his credit he did work an extra ten minutes at the end of his shift .	give her credit for trying
art	N	1-3	the art of conversation	How great thou art !
face	N	2-7	an angry face	he looked out at a roomful of faces
foot	N	4-1	curled up on the foot of the bed	the foot of the mountain
admit	V	3-2	This ticket will admit one adult to the show	This pipe admits air
follow	V	2-1	We must follow closely the economic development is Cuba	Please follow the guide through the museum
face	V	0-3	face the lapels of the jacket	An enormous dilemma faces us
break	V	2-2	Nobody can break out -- this prison is high security	Three inmates broke jail
take	V	2-4	I 'll take three salmon steaks	Tomorrow the doctor will take the cast off her arm .
work	V	4-4	This dough does not work easily ;    the soft metal works well	This dough does not work easily
care	V	3-2	He does n't care about how / whether she comes .	I really care about my work
bed	N	8-5	slices of hard - boiled egg on a bed of spinach	he worked in the coal beds
tea	N	0-7	tea has fragrant white flowers	Go to the supermarket and buy some tea .
machine	N	6-2	the boxer was a magnificent fighting machine	the war machine
spin	N	3-8	He put some spin on the cue ball .	She gave the top a whirl and it spun across the floor .
be	V	4-6	When will the meeting be ?	We liked to chat while we were eating .
catch	V	2-1	did you catch a cold ?	I caught a rabbit in the trap today
furniture	N	4-6	they had too much furniture for the small apartment	there was only one piece of furniture in the room
cut	V	0-2	cut a hole	The sweat cut little rivulets into her face
take	V	4-0	Tomorrow the doctor will take the cast off her arm .	take the gun from your pocket
heat	V	0-0	heat the house	heat the water on the stove
drag	N	3-7	He performed in drag .	he went to the party dressed in drag
krona	N	9-8	Grāmata maksā piecas kronas — the book costs five krona	Kronas kurss — the exchange rate of the krona
court	N	7-1	the king will visit the duke 's court	pay court to the emperor
floor	N	1-7	The floor of a cave served the refugees as a home .	they needed rugs to cover the bare floors
make	V	0-3	make a cake	This salary increase makes no difference to my standard of living
cold	N	5-6	come in out of the cold	Come in , out of the cold .
pack	V	0-1	pack the books into the boxes	To pack goods in a box ;    to pack fish
war	N	1-2	a war of wits	a price war
finish	N	2-7	when the finish is too thin it is difficult to apply evenly	he applied a coat of a clear finish
lift	N	2-4	Take the lift to the fourth floor .	he responded with a lift of his eyebrow
side	N	5-5	it brought out his better side	he was on the heavy side
levy	V	0-1	levy a fine	To levy a tax
turn	V	0-1	turn the legs of the table	He turned traitor
block	V	5-1	The offensive linemen tried to block the blitz .	He blocked the basketball player 's shot .
fall	V	1-1	To fall a tree	Night fell
baron	N	3-2	A “ robber baron ” or “ robber knight ” is an historic term and title of disdain .	an oil baron
underestimate	V	2-1	Do n't underestimate the danger of such a raft trip on this river	he underestimated the work that went into the renovation
cut	V	0-8	cut grain	We had to lose weight , so we cut the sugar from our diet
ride	V	2-2	Do n't ride me so hard over my failure	Let it ride
do	V	3-5	What makes her do this way ?	A ' B ' grade does n't suffice to get me into medical school
sign	N	4-2	Those clouds show little sign of raining soon .	he showed signs of strain
sampler	N	2-1	a candy sampler	a sampler of French poets
culture	N	3-16	the developing drug culture	the reason that the agency is doomed to inaction has something to do with the FBI culture
push	N	6-1	he gave the door a hard push	the push of the water on the walls of the tank
post	N	4-3	she was opening her post	is there any post for me ?
carry	V	2-3	You must carry your camping gear	The civil war carried into the neighboring province
treat	V	3-0	I like to treat myself to a day at a spa when I am depressed	Treat the infection with antibiotics
hold	V	2-1	I 'll hold you by your promise	To hold true ;    to hold good
give	V	0-3	give an excuse	What will you give her for her birthday ?
line	N	9-3	I tried to make a call , but the line was dead .	drop me a line when you get there
border	N	2-5	A solid border around a table of figures	There 's a nice frilly border around the picture frame .
drink	N	0-4	drink was his downfall	I 'd like another drink please .
trust	N	8-3	the doctor - patient relationship is based on trust	he betrayed their trust
crush	V	0-2	crush an aluminum can	She was crushed by his refusal of her invitation
spot	N	2-3	a bald spot	a leopard 's spots
extension	N	7-6	A text file will have a file extension of .txt .	most BASIC files use the filename extension .BAS
move	V	1-2	To move in a matter	We must move quickly
time	N	7-1	he was a great actor in his time	the time of year for planting
year	N	2-2	in the year 1920	A normal year has 365 full days , but there are 366 days in a leap year .
ditch	V	0-0	ditch a plane	ditch a car
course	N	5-3	the government took a firm course	he took a course in basket weaving
hit	V	1-3	We hit Detroit by noon	I have to hit the MAC machine before the weekend starts
drive	V	2-0	Can you drive this four - wheel truck ?	drive the game
stomach	N	5-2	exercise gave him a good stomach for dinner	A good stomach for roast beef
fit	N	1-3	a fit of coughing	I admired the fit of her coat
dress	V	0-2	dress the patient	He was dressed in the latest fashions .
make	V	1-3	To make like a deer caught in the headlights .	He did n't make the choir after his voice changed .
break	V	4-2	The newsman wanted to break a big story , something that would make him famous .	The figurine broke
clarify	V	0-0	clarify beer	clarify the butter
streak	N	7-2	I hope I can keep up this streak of accomplishments .	had a streak of bad luck
empathize	V	4-4	You really have to empathize .	You really have to empathize with their doing it .
take	V	4-3	Tomorrow the doctor will take the cast off her arm .	I do n't take sugar in my coffee
rest	N	14-5	Now that we 're all in agreement , we can put that issue to rest .	The ocean was finally at rest .
run	N	9-0	she broke the record for the half - mile run	Running is good exercise .
chain	N	1-1	A chain of ideas , one leading to the next	the chain of command
keep	V	0-0	keep my job for me while I give birth	keep a diary
puddle	V	0-0	puddle iron	puddle young plants
play	V	4-0	She acts in this play	play safe
go	V	2-1	We should go farther in this matter	She went through a lot of trouble
break	V	6-3	This play will either make or break the playwright	His peccadilloes finally broke his marriage
land	N	2-5	an industrialized land	They come from a faraway land .
think	V	1-0	I think he is very smart	Think what a scene it must have been !
catch	V	3-0	ears open to catch every sound	Catch a glimpse
mean	V	9-8	The sky is red this morning — does that mean we 're in for a storm ?	An example sentence would show what this word means
kill	V	0-2	kill a motion	The farmer killed a pig for the holidays
take	V	2-1	I 'll take the blue plates .	She took her seat on the stage
case	N	5-2	it may rain in which case the picnic will be canceled	The accusative case canonically indicates a direct object .    Latin has six cases , and remnants of a seventh .
pull	V	0-0	pull the string gently	pull the trigger of the gun
thing	N	6-3	I could n't tell what the thing was	she has a thing about him
pull	V	7-1	You 'll be sent home if you pull another stunt like that .	I pulled a muscle in my leg when I jumped up
opener	N	5-3	she played Chopin for her opener	the season 's opener was a game against the Yankees
lunchtime	N	4-3	he observed a regular lunchtime	It 's almost lunchtime , so I think I 'll finish up later this afternoon .
work	V	0-0	work the metal	Work out your problems with the boss
go	V	5-5	The washing machine wo n't go unless it 's plugged in	These ugly billboards have to go !
turn	V	0-1	turn the clay on the wheel	Ivory turns well .
third	N	2-3	a distant third	Jones came in third .
do	V	3-5	All you ever do is surf the Internet ;    what will you do this afternoon ?	A ' B ' grade does n't suffice to get me into medical school
make	V	0-0	make enemies	make up a room
burn	V	0-2	burn garbage	She was burning with anger
court	N	5-1	players had to reserve a court in advance	pay court to the emperor
prise	V	16-10	2004 : Most people used pliers , scissors , rubber gloves and knives to try to prise open products . — BBC News	1919 : I think he must have been trying to prise open that box yonder when he was attacked . — Sax Rohmer , The Quest of the Sacred Slipper
throat	N	1-1	the throat of the vase	the throat of a chimney
dullness	N	3-3	there was a dullness in his heart	without him the dullness of her life crept into her work no matter how she tried to compartmentalize it .
allow	V	0-2	allow for mistakes	The evidence allows only one conclusion
office	N	2-2	being in office already gives a candidate a great advantage	the whole office was late the morning of the blizzard
draw	V	0-1	draw a conclusion	I draw a line here
light	N	2-1	Put that light out !	the light of my life
time	N	4-7	When was the last time we went out ? I do n't remember .	Okay , but this is the last time . No more after that !
break	V	2-4	Nobody can break out -- this prison is high security	The first winter storm broke over New York
canvas	N	5-2	the movie demanded a dramatic canvas of sound	the crowded canvas of history
bounce	V	0-3	bounce a check	The rubber ball bounced
deal	N	7-5	he 's a master of the business deal	We need to finalise the deal with Henderson by midnight .
make	V	0-1	make one 's way into the forest	Harry made Sally
retrograde	V	0-0	retrograde arguments	retrograding planets
quarter	N	3-1	it 's a quarter til 4	a quarter after 4 o'clock
yes	N	3-5	Was that a yes ?	I was hoping for a yes
ski	V	3-4	We love to ski the Rockies	My children do n't ski
tip	V	2-0	Remember to tip the waiter	tip the screen upward
feel	V	2-2	The sheets feel soft	The ground feels shaky
session	N	6-2	" Are we having a recording session ? " / " Yes . We 've even got some session musicians to provide some brass . "	a gossip session
cover	N	1-3	the cover concealed their guns from enemy aircraft	they made a cover of a Beatles ' song
serve	V	1-2	They serve a restricted role on the bench .	The minister served the King for many years
work	V	4-3	She knows how to work the system .	Is your husband working again ?
affinity	N	2-1	James 's affinity with Sam	an affinity for politics
space	N	5-1	the astronauts walked in outer space without a tether	the space between his teeth
make	V	2-4	We should make Cincinnati by 7 tonight .	How much do you make a month in your new job ?
sex	N	2-10	they had sex in the back seat	( The believers ... those ... ) who abstain from sex
make	V	3-6	He did n't make the choir after his voice changed .	You have to spend money to make money !
tell	V	3-0	I want to tell a story ;    I want to tell you a story .	Tell what happened
kid	N	3-3	She 's a kid . It 's normal for her to have imaginary friends .	they 're just kids
work	V	3-0	He could not work the math problem	Work out your problems with the boss
application	N	1-6	the application of maximum thrust	massage has far - reaching medical applications
mark	V	2-2	The citizens mark the anniversary of the revolution with a march and a parade	This sign marks the border
run	V	6-2	My computer is too old to run the new OS .	I will run the sample .
movement	N	4-8	he had a bowel movement	it was an expensive watch with a diamond movement
credit	N	4-12	That engineer is a credit to the team .	If you do not come to class , you will not get credit for the class , regardless of how well you do on the final .
floor	N	8-5	we spread our sleeping bags on the dry floor of the tent	The room has a wooden floor .
emission	N	1-1	The emission of heat from a fire	The emission was mostly blood
twinkle	N	4-9	there 's a perpetual twinkle in his eyes	He was a rotund , jolly man with a twinkle in his eye .
come	V	3-2	Nothing good will come of this	The bill came to $ 2,000
game	N	7-7	he thought of his painting as a game that filled his empty time	Being a child is all fun and games .
take	V	3-1	I do n't take sugar in my coffee	We took our seats in the orchestra
third	N	4-3	it contains approximately a third of the minimum daily requirement	He ate a third of the pie . Divided by two - thirds .
stretch	V	2-0	I always stretch my muscles before exercising .	Stretch your legs !
camp	N	10-5	city kids get to see the country at a summer camp	the living room was pure camp
day	N	3-2	he deserves his day in court	in the days of sailing ships
rise	V	0-2	rise to a challenge	The building rose before them
practice	N	6-11	a hard theory to put into practice	That may work in theory , but will it work in practice ?
bank	N	6-5	he cashed a check at the bank	he tried to break the bank at Monte Carlo
action	N	11-2	the United Nations must have the power to propose and organize action without being hobbled by irrelevant issues	recent federal action undermined the segregationist position
pursuit	N	1-1	the pursuit of love	Unremitting pursuit of wealth does n't bring happiness , particularly if successful .
fish	N	5-10	the shark is a large fish	in the living room there was a tank of colorful fish
remove	V	0-1	remove a threat	He removed the marbles from the bag .
see	V	3-2	How nice to see you again !	You 'll see a lot of cheating in this school
use	V	0-3	use your head !	I ca n't use this tool
side	N	7-1	The patient was bleeding on the right side .	Which side of the tray shall I put it on ?
keep	V	2-2	I always keep batteries in the freezer	The pianist kept time with the metronome
shoot	V	0-0	shoot craps	shoot a movie
get	V	3-0	What do you get when you add up these numbers ?	get nauseous
round	V	0-14	round off the amount	The total is $ 25,715 but to keep the figures simple , I 'll round it down to $ 25,000 .
summit	N	9-10	the region is a few molecules wide at the summit	In summer , it is possible to hike to the summit of Mt. Shasta .
draw	V	8-0	Draw water from a well ;    draw water for a bath ;    the wound drew blood	Draw me a horse
throw	N	5-7	the catcher made a good throw to second base	he could n't afford $ 50 a throw
heart	N	5-0	you have n't got the heart for baseball	hearts were trumps
head	V	0-2	head the fish	This student heads the class
load	N	7-6	The truck overturned while carrying a full load of oil .	the system broke down under excessive loads
grip	N	4-11	they kept a firm grip on the two top priorities	it was an old briefcase but it still had a good grip
wash	V	3-2	he managed to wash out the stains	Can you wash away the spots on the windows ?
cut	V	2-2	The boat cut the water	If you cut then I 'll deal .
year	N	2-2	in the year 1920	This Chinese year is the year of the Rooster .
see	V	3-3	I want to see whether she speaks French	I went to see my friend Mary the other day
be	V	2-1	I shall be writing to you soon .	He is a herpetologist
orbit	N	3-3	The Moon 's orbit around the Earth takes nearly one month to complete .	he plotted the orbit of the moon
carnival	N	15-2	We all got to ride the merry - go - round when the brought their carnival to town .	When the carnival came to town , every one wanted some cotton candy .
work	V	2-1	I will work hard to improve my grades	They worked on the task .
horizon	N	4-13	It is beyond the horizon of present knowledge	Some students take a gap year after finishing high school to broaden their horizons .
follow	V	2-7	Can you follow her argument ?	When he lectures , I can not follow
degree	N	4-3	murder in the second degree	there are 360 degrees in a circle
turn	V	0-0	turn the flour onto a plate	Turn towards me
communicate	V	12-2	I feel I hardly know him ; I just wish he 'd communicate with me a little more .	Do you communicate well with your advisor ?
fatigue	N	6-13	the American public is experiencing scandal fatigue	after watching TV with her husband she had a bad case of football fatigue
cover	V	4-2	Is this enough to cover the check ?	This paint covers well
streak	N	7-5	I hope I can keep up this streak of accomplishments .	I was on a winning streak until the fourth game , where I was dealt terrible cards .
admit	V	3-2	We can not admit non - members into our club building	They were admitted into his house .
tramp	N	2-1	a homeless tramp	the tramp of military boots
head	N	5-10	the beer had a large head of foam	Pour me a fresh beer ; this one has no head .
shrinkage	N	8-0	the material lost 2 inches per yard in shrinkage	shrinkage is the retail trade 's euphemism for shoplifting
work	V	0-2	work the body onto the flatbed truck	She was working on her second martini when the guests arrived
light	N	3-10	follow God 's light	Magoon 's governorship in Cuba was viewed in a negative light by many Cuban historians for years thereafter .
run	V	4-1	The crowd had to run away from the burning structure with only the clothes on their backs .	She ran her fingers along the carved figurine
carry	V	1-2	I carry a lot of life insurance	I will carry the secret to my grave
light	N	10-1	Magoon 's governorship in Cuba was viewed in a negative light by many Cuban historians for years thereafter .	the light of my life
shed	V	3-2	I did n't shed many tears when he left me .	our dog sheds every Spring
slip	N	4-8	he 's a mere slip of a lad	She could n't hurt a fly , young slip of a girl that she is .
subscription	N	2-6	My library subscription is about to expire .	the deed was attested by the subscription of his signature
acknowledge	V	2-1	* I acknowledge my transgressions . - Psalm 51:3 .	She acknowledged that she might have forgotten
bed	N	7-8	he searched for treasure on the ocean bed	There 's a lot of trash on the bed of the river .
spring	N	3-6	I spent my spring holidays in Morocco .	You can visit me in the spring , when the weather is bearable .
concatenation	N	6-2	it was caused by an improbable concatenation of circumstances	a complicated concatenation of circumstances
sale	N	8-3	I got some great bargains at their annual sale	they held a sale to reduce their inventory
masquerade	N	5-1	I was invited to the masquerade at their home .	That masquerade of misrepresentation which invariably accompanied the political eloquence of Rome - Thomas de Quincey
support	N	6-3	the statue stood on a marble support	The government provides support to the arts in several ways .
mouth	N	6-3	they built a fire at the mouth of the cave	he stuffed his mouth with candy
leave	V	3-2	She did n't leave until midnight	The ship leaves at midnight
roll	V	0-1	roll a cigarette	They rolled from town to town
lift	V	0-0	lift an embargo	lift potatoes
waste	N	3-6	much of the waste material is carried off in the sewers	a life characterized by thriftlessness and waste
seize	V	4-1	Birds of prey often seize small mammals	To seize smuggled goods
cut	V	3-0	she could not cut the long days in the office	cut bourbon
break	V	4-4	The newsman wanted to break a big story , something that would make him famous .	News of her death broke in the morning
solution	N	1-7	the solution took three hours	they were trying to find a peaceful solution
narrowness	N	8-7	the attraction of the book is precisely its narrowness of focus	the problem with achievement tests is the narrowness they impose on students
speech	N	1-7	her speech was barren of southernisms	I detected a slight accent in his speech
courage	N	5-5	It takes a lot of courage to be successful in business .	" A great part of courage is the courage of having done the thing before . " —Ralph Waldo Emerson
rate	N	1-5	The rate of production at the factory is skyrocketing .	he works at a great rate
flare	N	3-5	he threw a flare to the fullback who was tackled for a loss	infection can cause a lupus flare
reaction	N	8-9	The announcement of the verdict brought a violent reaction .	You were in the courtroom . What is your reaction ?
break	V	2-8	Let 's break for lunch .	My daughter 's fancy wedding is going to break me !
carry	V	1-4	I carry her image in my mind 's eye	How many people are carried on the payroll ?
accept	V	3-1	I can not accept your invitation	We accept the idea of universal health care
land	N	5-4	They come from a faraway land .	he returned to the land of his birth
extend	V	0-0	extend the casserole with a little rice	extend my greetings
shuffle	V	0-1	shuffle the cards	I shuffled my feet in embarrassment .
day	N	14-5	Day and night ;    I work at night and sleep during the day .	the dawn turned night into day
cut	V	0-0	cut class	cut a caper
intermingle	V	3-5	We do n't intermingle much	The yolks and the whites intermingled .
take	V	4-1	This surface will not take the dye	We take all major credit cards .
structure	N	4-4	artists must study the structure of the human body	his lectures have no structure
line	N	1-4	the line stretched clear around the corner	he got out of line
replace	V	0-3	replace the book on the shelf after you have finished reading it	the insurance will replace the lost income
fit	V	4-5	How does this shirt fit ?	The small shirt does n't fit me , so I 'll buy the medium size .
shed	V	0-1	shed your clothes	he shed his image as a pushy boss
check	V	0-0	check the brakes	Check the oil in your car once a month .
head	N	5-5	the beer had a large head of foam	Admission is three dollars a head .
check	V	0-0	check into the rumor	check the time of the class
rebellion	N	6-4	each generation must have its own rebellion	his body was in rebellion against fatigue
control	N	1-3	the control condition was inappropriate for the conclusions he wished to draw	I turned the controls over to her
study	N	9-4	he knocked lightly on the closed door of the study	he is a quick study
meet	V	4-3	The company agrees to meet the cost of any repairs .	Does this paper meet the requirements for the degree ?
range	V	2-2	My students range from very bright to dull	The instruments ranged from tuba to cymbals
worry	N	1-5	his worry over the prospect of being fired	it is not work but worry that kills
hold	V	0-2	hold these truths to be self - evident	He 's held by a contract
mean	V	1-2	I mean to go to Baddeck this summer .	I only meant to help you
give	V	0-1	give thought to	I gave him a punch in the nose
union	N	1-2	the union of opposing factions	the Soviet Union
section	N	1-7	a section of a fishing rod	she got a job in the historical section of the Treasury
catch	V	11-0	I have some free time tonight so I think I 'll catch a movie .	Catch a show on Broadway
post	N	2-8	this military post provides an important source of income for the town nearby	there is an officer 's club on the post
see	V	6-3	The artist must first learn to see	I want to see whether she speaks French
collector	N	4-8	He is an avid collector of nineteenth - century postage stamps .	That old piano is just a big dust collector .
make	V	3-5	She may not make the grade	Again , the cat had made on the expensive rug
take	V	4-2	This box wo n't take all the items	Do you take me for a fool ?
play	V	3-0	I had to play my queen	play the stock market
turn	V	0-2	turn your palm this way	the company turned a good profit after a year
run	N	4-6	the ship made its run in record time	The bus on the Cherry Street run is always crowded .
year	N	2-3	in the year 1920	she is 4 years old
push	V	3-1	You need to push quite hard to get this door open .	He pushed her to finish her doctorate
sell	V	4-2	The French try to sell us their image as great lovers	The brothers sell shoes
stuff	N	5-1	you do n't have the stuff to be a United States Marine	the stuff of heros
point	N	1-3	a point of information	get to the point
screen	V	0-0	screen a film	screen these samples
have	V	3-0	What do we have here ?	have a lover
run	N	4-3	He can have the run of the house .	he has the run of the house
drag	N	6-7	the waitresses looked like missionaries in drag	he went to the party dressed in drag
meet	V	3-4	Does this paper meet the requirements for the degree ?	The company agrees to meet the cost of any repairs .
court	N	1-6	The court is now in session .	The girls were playing in the court .
make	V	4-2	How much do you make a month in your new job ?	She was made president of the club
block	N	11-1	I knew his name perfectly well but I had a temporary block	A block of stone .
school	N	1-5	the school was built in 1932	Our children attend a public school in our neighborhood .
hold	V	0-0	hold these truths to be self - evident	Hold the bridge against the enemy 's attacks
development	N	4-5	they funded research and development	he congratulated them on their development of a plan to meet the emergency
make	V	0-3	make a decision	four and four make eight
carry	V	2-1	These pipes carry waste water into the river	Amanda carried the package .
cut	V	4-0	The employer wants to cut back health benefits	cut trenches
relate	V	5-3	I find it difficult to relate to others because i 'm extremely introverted .	I can not relate these events at all
get	V	3-3	She did n't get his name when they met the first time	The ice storm got my hibiscus
keep	V	0-0	keep a diary	Keep on working !
weakness	N	8-1	In a small number of horses , muscle weakness may progress to paralysis .	the weakness of the dollar against the yen
floor	N	7-1	Many sunken ships rest on the ocean floor .	the floor of the pelvis
allow	V	1-3	To allow a servant his liberty ;    to allow a free passage ;    to allow one day for rest	This short story allows of several different interpretations
take	V	0-3	take a pulse	A reading was taken of the earth 's tremors
hold	V	1-3	I hold with those who say life is sacred	Elections will be held on the first Sunday of next month .
absence	N	4-0	he visited during my absence	Absence makes the heart grow fonder .
cut	V	1-1	She cut the deck for a long time	Wayne cut
make	V	0-3	make a wall of stones	He did n't make the choir after his voice changed .
see	V	2-3	I can see a risk in this strategy	I ca n't see him on horseback !
strike	V	0-2	strike ` z ' on the keyboard	The pianist strikes a middle C
poise	V	1-1	To poise the scales of a balance	I poised the crowbar in my hand , and waited .
make	V	0-1	make advances	He made a fool of himself at the meeting
make	V	2-2	She 'll make a fine president .	He will make a splendid father !
hold	V	0-2	hold your breath	He can hold his liquor
follow	V	2-1	Let 's follow our great helmsman !	He followed his lecture with a question and answer period
business	N	4-2	show me where the business was today	Government and business could not agree
cut	V	0-0	cut class	cut recording tape
world	N	4-2	he sailed around the world	all the world loves a lover
blaze	V	0-1	blaze a trail	Meteors blazed across the atmosphere
degree	N	13-3	She has two bachelor 's degrees and is studying towards a master 's degree .	he earned his degree at Princeton summa cum laude
wash	V	3-1	he managed to wash out the stains	he washed the dirt from his coat
break	V	2-2	Let 's break for lunch .	His ribs broke under the weight of the rocks piled on his chest .
train	N	10-3	Unfortunately , the leading bridesmaid stepped on the bride 's train as they were walking down the aisle .	the bride 's train was carried by her two young nephews
finish	N	7-3	he applied a coat of a clear finish	The car 's finish was so shiny and new .
blow	V	5-16	certain insects are said to blow	There 's nothing more thrilling to the whale watcher than to see a whale surface and blow .
grain	N	3-6	there was a grain of truth in what he said	We stored a thousand tons of grain for the winter .
check	N	6-6	he paid all his bills by check	he asked the waiter for the check
box	N	6-4	an armed guard sat in the box with the driver	the flowchart contained many boxes
line	N	1-4	the line of soldiers advanced with their bayonets fixed	they were arrayed in line of battle
give	V	1-0	I give you two minutes to respond	Give one 's name
arrangement	N	1-2	the arrangement of the furniture	a flower arrangement
dozen	N	4-3	Can I have a dozen eggs , please ?	I ordered two dozen doughnuts .
formula	N	5-10	he gave us a general formula for attacking polynomials	X = \frac -b \pm \sqrtb^2 - 4ac2a is a formula for finding the roots of the quadratic equation ax2 + bx + c = 0 .
work	V	0-2	work your way through every problem or task	His fingers worked with tension
whole	N	1-4	the whole of American literature	Europe considered as a whole
brush	N	3-5	I had a brush with danger on my way to work	he tried to avoid any brushes with the police
time	N	1-4	the time is 10 o'clock	do you know what time it is ?
take	V	2-1	I 'll take that plate off the table .	I take aspirin every day to thin my blood .
set	N	7-1	his instructions deliberately gave them the wrong set	A set of tools
experience	N	3-4	It was an experience he would not soon forget .	he had a religious experience
turn	V	0-0	turn your palm this way	turn the heat down
develop	V	0-0	develop a passion for painting	develop the rook
mask	N	5-1	they moved in under a mask of friendship	no mask could conceal his ignorance
break	V	5-6	The horse was tough to break	He slipped on the ice and broke his leg .
vegetate	V	8-2	After a hard day 's work , I vegetate in front of the television	The fields vegetate vigorously
reach	V	2-2	Our advertisements reach millions	The sunlight reached the wall
break	V	0-2	break a law	Her voice broke to a whisper when she started to talk about her children
thing	N	6-4	I could n't tell what the thing was	to say the same thing in other terms
quality	N	1-14	the quality of mercy is not strained "-- Shakespeare	While being impulsive can be great for artists , it is not a desirable quality for engineers .
see	V	2-0	let 's see -- which movie should we see tonight ?	See whether you can come tomorrow
drop	N	3-2	he had a drop too much to drink	Put three drops of oil into the mixture .
space	N	5-8	it all happened in the space of 10 minutes	they tested his ability to locate objects in space
order	N	0-2	order ruled in the streets	law and order
look	V	3-2	You do n't look your age !	This project looks fishy
line	N	5-3	Please speak up , the line is very faint .	drop me a line when you get there
wall	N	2-1	the south wall had a small window	stomach walls
interrupt	V	2-1	Do n't interrupt me when I 'm reading	We interrupt the program for the following messages
beat	V	0-1	beat the egg whites	Reading beats watching television
claim	N	1-5	his claim on her attentions	evidence contradicted the government 's claims
hit	V	2-1	The thermometer hit 100 degrees	I hit the jackpot .
sophisticate	V	1-1	To sophisticate the understanding . — Southey .	To sophisticate wine . — Howell .
cut	V	6-4	The glass from the shattered windshield cut into her forehead	The new tooth is cutting
light	N	3-2	can you shed light on this problem ?	Put that light out !
know	V	2-1	Do you know my sister ?	I know him under a different name
butt	N	7-2	he deserves a good kick in the butt	Get your butt to the car .
stuff	N	5-16	the trunk was full of stuff	He did n't want his pockets to bulge so he was walking around with all his stuff in his hands .
block	V	0-0	block a nerve	block the wheels of a car
part	N	6-3	they resisted every effort on his part	glue the two parts together
softness	N	6-6	suddenly her gigantic power melted into softness for the baby	he attributes the disappointing results to softness in the economy
see	V	3-2	I want to see results	You 'll see a lot of cheating in this school
disk	N	3-2	the moon 's disk hung in a cloudless sky	Venus ' disk cut off light from the Sun .
hand	N	2-3	the big hand counts the minutes	on the one hand ... , but on the other hand ...
accent	N	8-11	The name Cézanne is written with an acute accent .	the room was decorated in shades of grey with distinctive red accents
appearance	N	5-4	it was Bernhardt 's last appearance in America	David Beckham 's first appearance with the LA Galaxy at Giants Stadium against the New York Red Bulls last night drew a crowd of 66237 .
sign	N	4-2	The hunters found deer sign at the end of the trail .	he showed signs of strain
raise	V	6-0	We visited a farm where they raise chickens .	raise a family
cut	V	0-3	cut grain	The football player cut to his left to evade a tackle .
crack	V	1-0	To crack a whip	crack a safe
run	V	0-5	run amok	I 'm not ready to run a marathon .
take	V	3-1	I do n't take sugar in my coffee	be taken drunk
run	V	0-6	run a new program on the Mac	My computer is too old to run the new OS .
connection	N	3-4	there was a connection between eating that pickle and having that nightmare	My headache has no connection with me going out last night .
take	V	0-0	take steps	take action
pull	N	5-5	Iron fillings drawn by the pull of a magnet	The spaceship came under the pull of the gas giant .
swing	V	0-2	swing forward	This action swung many votes over to his side
raise	V	0-8	raise a shout	Chew with your mouth shut — were you raised in a barn ?
demobilization	N	1-0	immediate demobilization of the reserves	demobilization of factories
head	N	1-5	a head of cauliflower	tickets are $ 5 per head
noise	N	9-4	during the firework display that ended the gala the noise reached 98 decibels	he enjoyed the street noises
drive	V	1-0	I drive to work every day .	drive a golf ball
way	N	4-2	if I had my way	Come this way and I 'll show you a shortcut .
tension	N	4-3	the direction of maximum tension moves asymptotically toward the direction of the shear	there is a tension between these approaches to understanding history
carry	V	1-1	I carry her image in my mind 's eye	I carry these thoughts in the back of my head
connection	N	1-4	The connection between overeating and obesity	My headache has no connection with me going out last night .
thread	N	1-8	a thread of smoke climbed upward	from the air the road was a grey thread
catch	V	2-4	did you catch a cold ?	The fashion did not catch
close	V	0-1	close up an umbrella	They closed the deal on the building
order	N	4-4	Magnolias belong to the order Magnoliales .	it was on the order of a mile
enter	V	0-0	enter a race	enter a drug treatment program
break	V	0-2	break a fall	The recession broke some small businesses .
nomination	N	1-6	his nomination was hotly protested	there was keen competition for the nomination
cast	V	0-0	cast a warm light	cast a vote
ability	N	4-4	This wood has the ability to fight off insects , fungus , and mold for a considerable time .	This phone has the ability to have its software upgraded wirelessly .
connection	N	1-1	the connection between church and state is inescapable	The connection between overeating and obesity
commercialization	N	7-4	both companies will retain control over the commercialization of their own products	my father considered the commercialization of Christmas to be a sacrilege
trend	N	1-1	the trend of the stock market	The trend of a coastline ;    the upward trend of stock - market prices
get	V	4-1	I just do n't get him	He got a girl into trouble
see	V	2-3	You should see a lawyer	We had to see a psychiatrist
session	N	2-2	a gossip session	A training session
gratification	N	3-5	to my immense gratification he arrived on time	dull repetitious work gives no gratification
rest	N	5-14	The ocean was finally at rest .	Now that we 're all in agreement , we can put that issue to rest .
organ	N	11-1	Georgie Fame plays all types of keyboards including electric piano , organ , and Hammond organ .	the organ of the communist party
foulness	N	4-3	mouths which speak such foulness must be cleansed	his display of foulness deserved severe punishment
mean	V	1-1	I mean no harm	I meant to take the car in for a smog check , but it slipped my mind .
interest	N	4-5	Victorian furniture is an interest of mine .	he counts reading among his interests
use	V	0-1	use your head !	I used to get things done .
develop	V	0-6	develop a market for the new mobile phone	Many countries in Asia are now developing at a very fast pace
action	N	6-2	the piano had a very stiff action	A rifle action
smell	V	0-1	smell out corruption	i smell trouble
raise	V	0-0	raise a mutiny	raise a family
grain	N	5-3	he does not have a grain of sense	there was a grain of truth in what he said
appear	V	3-2	He had to appear in court last month	Homo sapiens appeared millions of years ago
record	N	6-12	his name is in all the record books	Al Smith used to say , ` Let 's look at the record '
range	N	7-6	the plains lay just beyond the mountain range	We hiked through the Andes mountain range .
break	V	7-2	Is it your or my turn to break ?	Things began breaking bad for him when his parents died .
floor	N	7-1	Many sunken ships rest on the ocean floor .	the floor of the cave
note	N	14-3	I did n't have any coins to pay with , so I used a note .	he detected a note of sarcasm
connect	V	4-1	The new railroad will connect the northern part of the state to the southern part .	Herman connected the computers .
change	N	1-5	the change was intended to increase sales	this storm is certainly a change for the worse
fall	V	4-1	The hills around here fall towards the ocean	They fell out of favor
dogma	N	5-2	he believed all the Marxist dogma	The unforgiving dogma of Stalinism is that what the party leader , however cruel and incompetent , decrees , however absurd , must be accepted as law .
hand	N	3-6	give me a hand with the chores	he kept trying to see my hand
taste	N	5-7	the melon had a delicious taste	the candy left him with a bad taste
see	V	3-3	How nice to see you again !	I 'll probably see you at the meeting
forbid	V	2-2	The rules forbid our smoking .	The rules forbid us from smoking .
attack	N	3-1	his plan of attack was misguided	an attack on inflation
application	N	6-7	it is a job requiring serious application	December 31 is the deadline for MBA applications .
radiate	V	1-2	spokes radiate from the hub of the wheel	The heat radiates from a stove .
position	N	9-8	Stop running all over the field and play your position !	Chief of Staff is the second - highest position in the army .
break	V	8-1	My daughter 's fancy wedding is going to break me !	He broke the glass plate
trade	V	2-2	Will you trade your precious watch for my earring ?	The stock traded around $ 20 a share
leave	V	0-3	leave the room	She wants to leave
business	N	5-7	he bought his brother 's business	a small mom - and - pop business
art	N	1-6	an art exhibition	I was never any good at art
follow	V	7-0	When he lectures , I can not follow	follow the trail
resolution	N	3-1	Printing at higher resolution will cause a reduction in performance .	The resolution of an equation
order	N	2-4	law and order	The house is in order ; the machinery is out of order .
place	N	3-7	he overstepped his place	he put the lamp back in its place
case	N	3-2	it was a case of bad judgment	a typical case was the suburban housewife described by a marriage counselor
communication	N	6-3	they could not act without official communication from Moscow	Some say that communication is a necessary prerequisite for sentience ; others say that it is a result thereof .
set	V	0-0	set up an experiment	set the table
cut	V	2-0	The Vietnamese cut a lot of timber while they occupied Cambodia	Cut the engines when the plane comes to a halt !
machinery	N	1-2	the machinery of command labored and brought forth an order	the complex machinery of negotiation
way	N	2-7	Come this way and I 'll show you a shortcut .	he said he was looking for the way out
round	N	3-4	there was a round of applause	They brought us a round of drinks about every thirty minutes .
finish	N	7-2	he applied a coat of a clear finish	when the finish is too thin it is difficult to apply evenly
see	V	3-0	the doctor will see you now	see a movie
edge	N	4-3	she sat on the edge of the bed	the water 's edge
give	V	0-0	give priority to	Give one 's name
break	V	2-3	Can you break a hundred - dollar bill for me ?	I had to break a $ 100 bill just to buy the candy
skinful	N	10-12	I was n't thinking straight – I 'd had a skinful that night .	someone had to drive me home last night because I had a skinful
go	V	5-2	These ugly billboards have to go !	The day went well until I got your call
language	N	2-4	The English language ;    sign language	he recorded the spoken language of the streets
funny	N	3-3	she made a funny	she told a funny story
cut	V	3-2	The football player cut to his left to evade a tackle .	The car cut to the left at the intersection
shame	N	13-6	When I realized that I had hurt my friend , I felt deep shame .	The teenager could n't bear the shame of introducing his parents .
side	N	5-4	he was on the heavy side	Look on the bright side .
breath	N	2-3	his sour breath offended her	The child 's breath came quickly and unevenly .
head	N	1-6	12 head of big cattle and 14 head of branded calves	At five years of age this head of cattle is worth perhaps $ 40
patch	N	6-16	The world economy had a rough patch in the 1930s .	The storms last summer washed away parts of the road so we can expect some rough patches up ahead .
bear	V	0-0	bear news	bear a heavy load
shake	V	0-3	shake one 's head	The bad news shook her hopes
take	V	1-3	I take aspirin every day to thin my blood .	I do n't take sugar in my coffee
follow	V	0-0	follow the road	follow the trail
raise	V	0-6	raise my salary	We visited a farm where they raise chickens .
libido	N	3-19	For Freudians , libido means the desire to " unite and bind " with objects in the world .	The ego as an organ which seeks to synthesize thoughts in the psyche is said to be driven by libido or eros .
tolerate	V	13-2	I like the way he plays the guitar , but I ca n't tolerate his voice when he sings .	I can tolerate working on Saturdays , but not on Sundays .
formation	N	1-1	the formation of crystals	the formation of gas in the intestine
unit	N	1-2	a unit of wheat is a bushel	change per unit volume
admit	V	1-2	To admit evidence in the trial of a cause	They were admitted into his house .
break	V	0-0	break a lucky streak	break into tears
see	V	3-13	How nice to see you again !	They 're blind to the damage they do , but someday they 'll see .
camp	V	4-1	The houseguests had to camp in the living room	We camped there .
conduct	V	3-1	she can not conduct modern pieces	Bernstein conducted Mahler like no other conductor
cast	N	3-2	pottery of this cast was found throughout the region	the delicate cast of his features
term	N	5-1	He was sentenced to a term of six years in prison .	The term allowed to a debtor to discharge his debt
see	V	8-2	You have to be a good observer to see all the details	Can you see the bird in that tree ?
taste	N	4-8	she enjoyed her brief taste of independence	his cold deprived him of his sense of taste
cast	V	1-0	Who cast this beautiful movie ?	cast a vote
admit	V	3-1	The French doors admit onto the yard	He admitted his errors
catch	V	8-3	I have to stop for a moment and catch my breath .	She managed to catch herself before telling her boss what was on her mind
difference	N	8-6	It just wo n't make much of a difference to anyone .	It just wo n't make much difference to me .
water	N	5-6	they were sitting by the water 's edge	he asked for a drink of water
set	V	3-0	The film is set in Africa	Set the dogs on the scent of the missing children
empathize	V	4-4	You really have to empathize with their doing it .	You really have to empathize with them .
bag	N	4-4	he ate a large bag of popcorn	he carried his small bag onto the plane with him
break	V	0-2	break a branch from a tree	The figurine broke
save	V	2-2	I 'll save you the trouble	This will save you a lot of time
difference	N	8-5	It just wo n't make much of a difference to anyone .	his support made a real difference
sow	V	2-3	As you sow , so shall you reap .	When I had sown the field , the day 's work was over .
regret	V	1-1	I regret I ca n't come to the party	I regret that I have to do this , but I do n't have a choice .
opening	N	6-1	A salamander darted out of an opening in the rocks .	the opening received good critical reviews
run	N	3-4	he has the run of the house	He can have the run of the house .
exercise	N	4-6	the doctor recommended regular exercise	The teacher told us the next exercise is to write an essay .
ulteriority	N	6-4	his stories were too susceptible to ulteriority	a terrible feeling of ulteriority
take	V	3-0	You ca n't take credit for this !	take the gun from your pocket
replace	V	3-3	the insurance will replace the lost income	We need to replace the secretary that left a month ago
be	V	2-2	I shall be writing to you soon .	The woman is walking .
refine	V	0-0	refine oil	refine paper stock
refine	V	0-0	refine paper stock	refine oil
set	V	3-0	The film is set in Africa	set up an experiment
mean	V	3-1	I did n't mean to knock your tooth out .	I mean to go to Baddeck this summer .
apparition	N	2-1	The sudden apparition of the Spaniards . – William H. Prescott .	The apparition of Lawyer Clippurse occasioned much speculation in that portion of the world . – Sir W. Scott .
figure	N	4-2	He cut a sorry figure standing there in the rain .	a heroic figure
altitude	N	2-1	As the altitude increases , the temperature gets lower , so remember to bring warm clothes to the mountains .	the altitude gave her a headache
bum	N	4-4	Fred is becoming a bum - he 's not even bothering to work more than once a month .	That mechanic 's a bum - he could n't fix a yo - yo .
wound	N	8-7	he feared that mentioning it might reopen the wound	deep in her breast lives the silent wound
carry	V	2-2	You must carry your camping gear	These pipes carry waste water into the river
head	N	1-6	the head of the list	This song keeps going through my head .
process	N	1-3	the process of calcification begins later for boys than for girls	events now in process
seat	N	1-4	The seat of a saddle	there were not enough seats for all the guests
apology	N	5-10	The CEO made a public apology for the scandal , and promised full cooperation with the authorities .	What he said really hurt my feelings , but his apology sounded so sincere that I could n't help but forgive him .
denial	N	10-5	Every time we asked for an interview we got a denial .	it resulted in a complete denial of his privileges
song	N	1-1	the song of bullets was in the air	the song of the wind
set	V	0-2	set fire to a building	The moon sets at eight o'clock tonight .
assign	V	1-2	To assign counsel for a prisoner	The teacher assigned him to lead his classmates in the exercise
pulp	V	0-0	pulp fruit	pulp wood
normalize	V	9-0	There is little hope that the two countries will normalize relations ; their governments seem to hate each other and would just as soon stay on bad terms .	normalize the temperature
hegemony	N	7-12	the consolidation of the United States ' hegemony over a new international economic system	to say they have priority is not to say they have complete hegemony
make	V	1-2	To make like a deer caught in the headlights .	He will make a splendid father !
picture	N	5-4	the author gives a depressing picture of life in Poland	he had no clear picture of himself or his world
make	V	0-0	make a mess in one 's office	make an estimate
take	V	2-0	Can you take this bag , please	take the gun from your pocket
drink	N	0-5	drink was his downfall	I asked for a hot drink
fabric	N	1-1	The fabric of our lives	The fabric of the universe
mean	V	9-9	I 'm afraid I do n't understand what you mean .	The sky is red this morning — does that mean we 're in for a storm ?
buildup	N	4-2	I envied his rapid buildup of assets	a military buildup in preparation for the invasion
respect	N	18-2	Syngman Rhee kept imprisoned the Dowager Queen Yun Empress Sunjeong of the Korean Empire for fear of the respect the people held for her .	out of respect for his privacy
take	V	2-0	I 'll take the blue plates .	take shelter from the storm
softness	N	0-10	softness is not something permitted of good leaders	orders have recently picked up after a period of extreme softness
flare	N	2-5	a colitis flare	infection can cause a lupus flare
get	V	3-1	You need to get permission to leave early .	He got a girl into trouble
undo	V	4-4	I wish I could undo my actions	Fortunately , we can undo most of the damage to the system by the war .
cover	V	0-0	cover her face with a handkerchief	cover the child with a blanket
breath	N	4-4	I could hear the breath of the runner behind me .	he took a deep breath and dived into the pool
appearance	N	4-5	David Beckham 's first appearance with the LA Galaxy at Giants Stadium against the New York Red Bulls last night drew a crowd of 66237 .	it was Bernhardt 's last appearance in America
make	V	0-0	make a phone call	make a decision
bear	V	3-2	I can not bear his constant criticism	She is bearing his child
term	N	2-2	a prison term	the general term of an algebraic equation of the n - th degree
sense	N	1-1	a sense of happiness	a sense of security
remember	V	2-1	can you remember her phone number ?	I remember the concert clearly , but I ca n't recollect why I was there .
draw	V	0-1	draw a conclusion	She drew $ 2,000 from the account
fanny	N	10-3	Her dress was so short you could nearly see her fanny	in England ` fanny ' is vulgar slang for female genitals
pay	V	2-0	Do n't pay him any mind	pay attention
hand	N	1-2	his hand was illegible	A good hand
break	V	6-2	I do n't know how to break this to you , but your cat is not coming back .	The twig broke off the branch .
lie	V	0-2	lie dormant	The book lies on the table ;    the snow lies on the roof;nbsp ; he lies in his coffin
baseball	N	2-3	he played baseball in high school	there was a baseball game on every empty lot
make	V	0-2	make a decision	We barely made the plane
understand	V	1-1	I understand what she means	I understand wanting more .
work	V	4-1	Do you want to work after the age of 60 ?	he works his parents for sympathy
serve	V	3-2	This table would serve very well	He had served in financial planning positions .
execute	V	9-6	There are certain states where it is lawful to execute prisoners convicted of certain crimes .	In some states , criminals are executed
drip	V	6-2	Listening to the tap next door drip all night drove me mad !	Water is dripping from the faucet
hold	V	2-1	I 'll hold you by your promise	She held her ears when the jackhammer started to operate
play	V	0-1	play the casinos in Trouville	Gielgud played Hamlet
meaning	N	1-3	The meaning of life	what is the meaning of this sentence
drag	N	4-3	peeling potatoes is a drag	he took a drag on his cigarette and expelled the smoke slowly
foot	N	3-3	he followed on foot	the swiftest of foot
laugh	V	4-1	Paul laughed a cheerful laugh .	Paul laughed at Mary .
production	N	1-5	the production of white blood cells	They hope to increase spaghetti production next year .
keep	V	2-0	May God keep you	keep count
introduce	V	0-0	introduce a rule	introduce exotic fruits
raise	V	1-0	To raise a wall , or a heap of stones	raise a family
control	N	3-3	she never lost control of herself	he had lost control of his sphincters
inspect	V	1-1	Please inspect your father 's will carefully	We inspected the area .
piece	N	6-7	the children acted out a comic piece to amuse the guests	it is not known who created this piece
language	N	4-3	he recorded the spoken language of the streets	he uttered harsh language
token	N	9-2	According to the Bible , the rainbow is a token of God 's covenant with Noah .	A book token is the easiest option for a Christmas gift .
school	N	5-1	The divers encountered a huge school of mackerel .	a school of small glittering fish swam by
air	N	6-6	he threw the ball into the air	a smell of chemicals in the air
connect	V	2-1	Can you connect the two loudspeakers ?	Herman connected the computers .
plug	V	0-3	plug the hole	He attempted to plug the leaks with some caulk .
focus	V	12-1	If you 're going to beat your competitors , you need to focus .	We focused on what he wanted .
dwelling	N	4-2	he built a modest dwelling near the pond	I was dwelling in the cave .
strike	V	0-2	strike an arc	They were struck with fear
mixture	N	3-2	he drank a mixture of beer and lemonade	a gradual mixture of cultures
end	N	5-1	he came to a bad end	one end of the box was marked ` This side up '
go	V	0-2	go about the world in a certain manner	The children went hungry that day
cup	N	1-4	the cup of her bra	bees filled the waxen cups with honey
give	V	3-4	What will you give her for her birthday ?	I 'm going to give my wife a necklace for her birthday .
call	V	4-4	The mayor likes to call on some of the prominent citizens	Why do n't you call me in the morning ?     Why do n't you call tomorrow ?
appearance	N	5-5	the rookie made a brief appearance in the first period	it was Bernhardt 's last appearance in America
break	V	5-1	The horse was tough to break	I broke in the new intern
rectify	V	0-0	rectify a curve	rectify alternating current
carry	V	0-2	carry too far	This paper carries a restaurant review
serve	V	3-1	This table would serve very well	They serve a restricted role on the bench .
fall	V	4-2	The line of men fall forward	The onus fell on us
break	V	8-0	My daughter 's fancy wedding is going to break me !	break the code
disengage	V	3-0	I want to disengage myself from his influence	disengage the gears
stabilization	N	1-0	wage stabilization is necessary for industrial peace	stabilization means that the product can be handled under atmospheric conditions
cut	V	8-0	We had to lose weight , so we cut the sugar from our diet	cut a ticket
catch	V	2-2	do n't catch your meaning	She really caught the spirit of the place in her drawings
hit	V	3-2	An interesting idea hit her	The ball hit the fence .
account	N	4-4	I expected a brief account	a person of considerable account
locus	N	1-4	the locus of points equidistant from a given point is a circle	A circle is the locus of points from which the distance to the center is a given value , the radius .
leave	V	3-4	She did n't leave until midnight	The president 's remarks left us speechless
work	V	0-2	work one 's way through the crowd	Can you work an electric drill ?
know	V	1-3	I know it 's time	I want to know who is winning the game !
lot	N	4-0	they were an angry lot	lots of people think so
center	N	1-3	Convention center	it is a center 's responsibility to get the football to the quarterback
run	V	3-4	let the dogs run free	who are these people running around in the building ?
make	V	0-0	make a decision	make a phone call
start	V	1-1	I start at eight in the morning	I start my day with a good breakfast
line	N	2-6	A dedicated line	the letter consisted of three short lines
bed	N	8-1	slices of hard - boiled egg on a bed of spinach	Sea bed , river bed , lake bed
build	V	0-0	build a reputation	build detergents
stay	V	13-9	We stayed in Hawaii for a week .     I can only stay for an hour .	After the trial period , she was asked to stay on and work full - time .
remember	V	2-1	Do you remember that he once loved you ?	I remember the concert clearly , but I ca n't recollect why I was there .
wear	N	4-5	the tires showed uneven wear	she bought it for everyday wear
truth	N	1-5	the truth is that he did n't want to do it	at last he knew the truth
drill	V	0-2	drill a hole into the wall	do n't drill here , there 's a gas pipe
life	N	2-1	Get a life .	social life
order	N	4-0	The house is in order ; the machinery is out of order .	order ruled in the streets
answer	V	0-0	answer the door	answer the telephone
life	N	0-5	life depends on many chemical and physical processes	the battery had a short life
stay	V	13-2	We stayed in Hawaii for a week .     I can only stay for an hour .	The smell stayed in the room
breath	N	4-6	he took a deep breath and dived into the pool	I could feel the runner 's breath on my shoulder .
line	N	1-4	in line with	he got out of line
break	V	0-2	break the cycle of poverty	Can you break a hundred - dollar bill for me ?
line	N	4-5	they were arrayed in line of battle	I ca n't follow your line of reasoning
period	N	2-5	hastened the period of time of his recovery	in England they call a period a stop
wall	N	1-1	a wall of prejudice	a wall of smoke
face	N	6-3	Put a big sign on each face of the building that can be seen from the road .	Why the sad face ?
cut	V	5-0	Cut orders ;    cut a check	Cut the rope
play	V	0-3	play safe	The tape was playing for hours
support	V	3-2	he does not support his natural children	The scholarship supported me when I was in college
picture	N	3-2	she was the picture of despair	the very picture of a modern general
lead	N	5-3	they did n't follow our lead	he takes the lead in any group
understand	V	1-1	I understand wanting more .	I understand how to do it .
side	N	6-2	he had a pain in his side	the Confederate side was prepared to attack
life	N	9-6	he could no longer cope with the complexities of life	he lived a long and happy life
air	N	5-6	the program was on the air from 9 til midnight	There was a tension in the air which made me suspect an approaching storm .
care	V	3-3	I do n't care	I do n't care what he does .
voice	N	5-1	the Times is not the voice of New York	the voice of the law
work	V	4-5	She knows how to work the system	This old radio does n't work anymore
leak	N	1-1	A leak in a roof	The leaks by Chelsea Manning showed the secrets of the US military .
ride	V	1-1	I ride to work in a bus	Ship rides at anchor
bed	N	2-1	the track bed had washed away	Sea bed , river bed , lake bed
line	N	2-9	A shared line	I tried to make a call , but the line was dead .
efface	V	0-0	efface the memory of the time in the camps	efface oneself
get	V	2-0	We 'll get them !	Get me those books over there , please
notice	N	1-3	a notice of sale	He took no notice of the changes , and went on as though nothing had happened .
weakness	N	1-1	the weakness of the span was overlooked until it collapsed	his weakness increased as he became older
stick	V	0-0	stick some feathers in the turkey before you serve it	Stick around and you will learn something !
lift	V	0-1	lift the box onto the table	I lifted the books onto the table .
party	N	3-5	she joined the party after dinner	We 're expecting a large party from the London office .
set	V	1-1	To set glass in a sash	To set a precious stone in a border of metal
fall	V	0-1	fall asleep	she fell to pieces after she lost her work
check	N	6-6	he asked the waiter for the check	The tablecloth had red and white checks .
air	N	7-6	The flock of birds took to the air .	a smell of chemicals in the air
create	V	2-3	You can create the color orange by mixing yellow and red .	The company was created 25 years ago
cut	V	0-0	cut the engine	cut class
conflict	N	1-1	his conflict of interest made him ineligible for the post	a conflict of loyalties
account	N	1-4	An account of a battle .	he gave an inaccurate account of the plot to kill the president
drink	N	5-0	Can I buy you a drink ?	drink was his downfall
communicate	V	2-3	Do you communicate well with your advisor ?	Many deaf people communicate with sign language .
fall	V	1-1	payments fall on the 1st of the month	Night fell
apology	N	5-5	he wrote a letter of apology to the hostess	The CEO made a public apology for the scandal , and promised full cooperation with the authorities .
touch	V	2-3	Do n't touch my CDs !	She did n't touch her food all night
inactivation	N	2-1	the gene inactivation system	thermal inactivation of serum samples
land	N	5-6	he built the house on land leased from the city	there 's no work on the land any more
acquisition	N	1-1	the acquisition of one company by another	the acquisition of wealth
say	V	4-1	What does the law say ?	She said her ` Hail Mary '
head	N	1-1	200 head of cattle and 50 head of horses	a head of steam
see	V	2-3	I can see what will happen	The 1960 's saw the rebellion of the younger generation against established traditions
day	N	4-1	every dog has his day	my day began early this morning
fly	V	0-5	fly a kite	Lindbergh was the first to fly the Atlantic
vermin	N	8-8	boys in the village have probably been shooting vermin	cereals must be protected from mice and other vermin
appointment	N	11-3	I 'm leaving work early because I have a doctor 's appointment .	They made an appointment to meet at six .
system	N	1-5	the system consists of a motor and a small computer	he bought a new stereo system
stay	V	5-2	Wear gloves so your hands stay warm .	We are staying in Detroit
business	N	7-3	a small mom - and - pop business	a racially integrated business concern
break	V	3-3	I had to break a $ 100 bill just to buy the candy	Did you two break the trolley by racing with it ?
rest	N	4-4	he threw away the rest	The boulder came to rest just behind the house after rolling down the mountain .
operation	N	8-5	they paid taxes on every stage of the operation	they had to consolidate their operations
hit	V	2-3	One boy hit the other .	I have to hit the MAC machine before the weekend starts
set	N	7-1	his instructions deliberately gave them the wrong set	the sets were meticulously authentic
carry	V	1-1	I carry these thoughts in the back of my head	Amanda carried the package from home to New York .
miasma	N	1-1	a miasma of cigar smoke	the miasma of the marshes
get	V	2-2	We 'll get them !	did you get it ?
break	V	0-2	break a promise	The ranks broke
course	N	1-3	the course was less than a mile	he took a course in basket weaving
snap	V	0-6	snap your fingers	When her baby died , she snapped
pursuit	N	1-11	Unremitting pursuit of wealth does n't bring happiness , particularly if successful .	the culprit started to run and the cop took off in pursuit
series	N	5-6	the Post Office issued a series commemorating famous American entertainers	his coin collection included the complete series of Indian - head pennies
simplify	V	3-3	this move will simplify our lives	We had to simplify the instructions
do	V	0-3	do nothing	Will $ 100 do ?
sound	V	5-0	Mariners on sailing ships would sound the depth of the water with a weighted rope .	sound the alarm
formation	N	1-2	a formation of planes	a defensive formation
cut	V	0-0	cut class	cut a dress
wander	V	1-4	To wander over the fields	Might her husband be wandering ?
pipe	V	0-0	pipe a tune	pipe oil , water , and gas into the desert
be	V	4-1	When will the meeting be ?	Why is it so dark in here ?
term	N	5-2	He was sentenced to a term of six years in prison .	Near - term , mid - term and long - term goals
mouth	N	3-4	he stuffed his mouth with candy	he rode into the mouth of the canyon
strike	V	2-0	We will strike a medal in your honour .	strike coins
take	V	2-2	I 'll take that plate off the table .	The rapist took his victims in dark alleys .
ground	N	2-6	they gained ground step by step	they fought to regain the lost ground
play	N	6-4	We saw a two - act play in the theatre .	there was too much play in the steering wheel
vote	N	11-4	The Supreme Court upheld the principle of one person , one vote .	there were only 17 votes in favor of the motion
call	V	3-0	We could always call on a friend .     The engineer called round whilst you were away .	Call roll
state	N	1-2	his state of health	the current state of knowledge
fair	N	1-1	book fair	world fair
field	N	8-11	the set of all rational numbers is a field	The set of rational numbers , \mathbbQ , is the prototypical field .
period	N	2-3	hastened the period of time of his recovery	Picasso 's blue period
stuff	N	16-4	He did n't want his pockets to bulge so he was walking around with all his stuff in his hands .	What is all that stuff on your bedroom floor ?
port	V	0-11	port a rifle	.. the angelic squadron ... began to hem him round with ported spears . — Milton , Paradise Lost ( 1667 ) , book IV
hold	V	2-4	He can hold his liquor	The auditorium ca n't hold more than 500 people
catch	V	0-2	catch the mood	If he catches you on the chin , you 'll be on the mat .
book	N	1-5	the book of Isaiah	Many readers find the first book of A Tale of Two Cities to be confusing .
run	N	3-0	I have a run in my stocking .	Running is good exercise .
sense	N	1-1	a sense of self	a sense of security
make	V	0-1	make water into wine	Harry made Sally
left	N	2-3	take a left at the corner	jab with your left
snow	V	3-2	It started to snow .	It is snowing .
clearance	N	2-3	He got clearance to travel to America , even though he had previous links to terrorists	The plane got clearance from air traffic control , and we were off .
get	V	3-2	You can not get water out of a stone	the cat got the goldfish
development	N	1-5	the development and printing of his pictures took only two hours	after he saw the latest development he changed his mind and became a supporter
beachhead	N	9-4	the Germans were desperately trying to contain the Anzio beachhead	the town became a beachhead in the campaign to ban smoking outdoors
get	V	2-1	We 'll get them !	He got his arm broken in the scuffle
hit	V	2-1	The ball hit the fence .	We hit Detroit by noon
quality	N	11-1	This school is well - known for having teachers of high quality .	the quality of students has risen
meet	V	3-2	Does this paper meet the requirements for the degree ?	This proposal meets my requirements .
stuff	N	4-5	What is all that stuff on your bedroom floor ?	you do n't have the stuff to be a United States Marine
time	N	4-3	he waited a long time	he had a time holding back the tears
head	N	5-6	the beer had a large head of foam	A reduction in the assessment per head of sheep
be	V	4-2	When will the meeting be ?	The sky is blue .
system	N	3-2	in a static system oil can not be replaced by water on a surface	a vast system of production and distribution and consumption keep the country going
strength	N	1-3	the strength of the company 's stock in recent weeks	fatigue sapped his strength
number	N	5-7	she preferred the black nylon number	I hope to become one of their number before I die
play	V	3-1	Charlie likes to play Mary	Princeton plays Yale this weekend
breathe	V	2-1	I can breathe better when the air is clean	Paul breathed a deep breath .
luck	N	4-5	Gilbert had some bad luck yesterday — he got pick - pocketed and lost fifty dollars .	I could n't believe my luck when I found a fifty dollar bill on the street .
strike	V	0-2	strike coins	The thought struck terror in our minds
boy	N	14-3	The boys were playing kickball in the mud ;    Steve is a boy of 16	she made the boy brush his teeth every night
leave	N	3-3	she was granted leave to speak	he took his leave
hand	N	3-1	Give him a hand .	Her hands are really strong .
lyric	N	1-1	The lyric in line 3 does n't rhyme .	The lyrics were written by the composer .
rap	N	4-12	it was a bum rap	You ca n't act irresponsibly and then expect me to take the rap .
strike	V	2-1	We must strike the enemy 's oil fields	Panic struck me
sense	N	3-5	It 's common sense not to put metal objects in a microwave oven .	fortunately she had the good sense to run away
cut	V	0-2	cut the noise	The coach cut two players from the team
pull	N	1-1	the pull up the hill had him breathing harder	the pull of the moon
leave	V	0-5	leave the flowers that you see in the park behind	Unfortunately , this cleaning product leaves behind a noticeable residue .
life	N	4-6	his heroism saved a life	She 's my love , my life .
process	V	0-0	process the applicants	process a loan
sign	N	4-0	Those clouds show little sign of raining soon .	Signs of disease are objective , whereas symptoms are subjective .
head	N	6-1	At five years of age this head of cattle is worth perhaps $ 40	the head of the humerus
clear	V	3-0	The check will clear within 2 business days	clear the leaves from the lawn
appeal	V	0-5	appeal to somebody for help	The idea of a vacation appeals to me
counterfeit	V	1-1	To counterfeit the signature of another , coins , notes , etc .	they counterfeited dollar bills
take	V	3-1	I do n't take sugar in my coffee	He took off his shoes .
cube	N	2-2	A stock cube	A sugar cube
stretch	V	1-0	Cats stretch with equal ease and agility beyond the point that breaks a man on the rack .	Stretch your legs !
saving	N	8-3	The shift of the supplier gave us a saving of 10 percent .	there was a saving of 50 cents
sake	N	2-3	for the sake of argument	died for the sake of his country
hollow	N	7-1	he built himself a cabin in a hollow high up in the Appalachians	The hollow of the hand or of a tree
position	N	1-9	what position does he play ?	Stop running all over the field and play your position !
wall	N	5-3	his back was to the wall	the container 's walls were blue
head	N	1-1	the head of the stairs	the head of the list
dozen	N	3-4	I ordered two dozen doughnuts .	Pack the shirts in dozens , please .
keep	V	0-2	keep count	The pianist kept time with the metronome
extension	N	6-1	most BASIC files use the filename extension .BAS	the extension of ` satellite of Mars ' is the set containing only Demos and Phobos
take	V	1-4	I take aspirin every day to thin my blood .	Tomorrow the doctor will take the cast off her arm .
make	V	0-0	make lead into gold	make clay into bricks
hit	V	1-3	I hit the jackpot .	The temperature could hit 110 F tomorrow .
break	V	0-5	break cigarette smoking	When news of their divorce broke , ...
carry	V	1-2	I carry her image in my mind 's eye	I will carry the secret to my grave
give	V	0-4	give a yelp	I 'm going to give my wife a necklace for her birthday .
transplant	N	4-6	he had a kidney transplant	a child had a multiple organ transplant two months ago
make	V	0-3	make an estimate	What do you make of his remarks ?
break	V	4-5	The newsman wanted to break a big story , something that would make him famous .	When news of their divorce broke , ...
fall	V	4-2	We must stand or fall	The vase fell over and the water spilled onto the table
cut	N	4-3	The lawyer took a cut of the profits .	I like the cut of that suit .
run	V	0-1	run rogue	She ran 10 miles that day
make	V	3-0	She may not make the grade	make the bed
bear	V	0-0	bear a resemblance	bear a signature
connect	V	4-2	The new railroad will connect the northern part of the state to the southern part .	Can you connect the two loudspeakers ?
rest	N	10-6	The sun sets , and the workers go to their rest .	I need to get a good rest tonight ; I was up late last night .
see	V	3-7	I 'll probably see you at the meeting	He is blind -- he can not see
tea	N	11-4	Would you be a dear and get me a cup of tea , please ?	Would you like some tea ?
make	V	2-1	She 'll make a fine president .	We made it !
par	N	0-7	par for this course is 72	He needs to make this shot for par .
wall	N	6-5	competition was pushing them to the wall	The wind blew against the walls of the tent .
care	V	3-1	I do n't care	We cared about the opera .
finish	N	3-5	The car 's finish was so shiny and new .	the boat had a metallic finish
shelve	V	0-6	shelve books	The library needs volunteers to help shelve books .
deep	N	2-2	in the deep of winter	in the deep of night
end	N	5-1	he came to a bad end	the end of the pier
coast	N	1-6	the coast is clear	the children lined up for a coast down the snowy slope
call	N	12-4	he heard the phone ringing but did n't want to take the call	I received several phone calls today .
neighborhood	N	5-8	the price is in the neighborhood of $ 100	he always blames someone else in the immediate neighborhood
touch	N	9-5	Suddenly , in the crowd , I felt a touch at my shoulder .	this dish could use a touch of garlic
turn	V	5-18	In Vermont , the leaves turn early	The hillside behind our house is n't generally much to look at , but once all the trees turn it 's gorgeous .
run	N	5-4	the team enjoyed a brief run of victories	I 'm having a run of bad luck .
formation	N	1-1	the formation of gas in the intestine	the formation of crystals
hold	V	1-2	I hold with those who say life is sacred	The bridge held
mouth	N	3-3	" Open your mouth and say ' aah ' , " directed the doctor .	he stuffed his mouth with candy
object	N	1-0	the object of my affection	objects of thought
play	V	3-1	Charlie likes to play Mary	She played the servant to her husband 's master
turn	V	0-1	turn the heat down	She turned to her relatives for help
fit	V	4-5	This man ca n't fit himself into our work environment	The small shirt does n't fit me , so I 'll buy the medium size .
wash	N	4-7	My jacket needs a wash .	I 'm going to have a quick wash before coming to bed .
thing	N	4-6	to say the same thing in other terms	how can you say such a thing ?
round	N	4-4	he ordered a second round	They brought us a round of drinks about every thirty minutes .
cut	V	0-0	cut a hole	cut class
buildup	N	2-4	a military buildup in preparation for the invasion	I envied his rapid buildup of assets
pay	V	0-0	pay a visit	pay a call
plane	N	7-5	any line joining two points on a plane lies wholly on that plane	we will refer to the plane of the graph as the X - Y plane
authority	N	2-3	Respect my authority !	she spoke with authority
make	V	2-1	She 'll make a fine president .	Wood makes good furniture
baseball	N	3-2	there was a baseball game on every empty lot	he played baseball in high school
appointment	N	1-4	the appointment had to be approved by the whole committee	He erred by the appointment of unsuitable men .
mean	V	3-2	I did n't mean to knock your tooth out .	I only meant to help you
buy	V	4-3	I 'm going to buy my father something nice for his birthday .	This sum will buy you a ride on the train
shower	N	8-5	Would male strippers be appropriate for the divorce shower ?	Today there will be frequent showers and some sunny spells .
place	N	8-3	Do you want to come over to my place later ?	he lost his place on the page
play	V	0-4	play a hooked fish	This speech did n't play well with the American public
view	N	7-6	He changed seat to get a complete view of the stage .	he tried to get a better view of it
grain	N	3-5	there was a grain of truth in what he said	he does not have a grain of sense
take	V	0-2	take a scene	Do you take sugar in your coffee ?
round	V	14-3	The total is $ 25,715 but to keep the figures simple , I 'll round it down to $ 25,000 .	Ninety - five rounds up to one hundred .
land	N	5-2	he built the house on land leased from the city	an industrialized land
act	V	3-2	The governor should act on the new energy bill	The nanny acted quickly by grabbing the toddler and covering him with a wet towel
shot	N	6-6	he is still recovering from a shot to his leg	I caught him with a solid shot to the chin
keep	V	1-0	I keep my specimens under glass to protect them .	Keep on working !
get	V	4-2	The operator could n't get Kobe because of the earthquake	Let 's get down to work now
pull	V	0-7	pull a horse	You 'll be sent home if you pull another stunt like that .
choke	V	0-2	choke a carburetor	The pirate choked the sailor to death .
say	V	3-1	I can not say ` zip wire '	Please say your name slowly and clearly .
hold	V	1-3	To hold true ;    to hold good	Rousseau 's philosophy holds that people are inherently good
quality	N	1-13	the quality of students has risen	A peasant is not allowed to fall in love with a lady of quality .
seat	N	1-11	The seat of a saddle	He sat on the arm of the chair rather than the seat , which always annoyed his mother .
head	N	1-9	200 head of cattle and 50 head of horses	I could n't get his words out of my head
drain	N	1-1	a drain on resources	a drain of young talent by emigration
make	V	0-7	make laws	A good review by this critic will make your play !
bear	V	0-0	bear a heavy load	bearing orders
cover	V	0-2	cover your head !	The President covered the fact that he bugged the offices in the White House
stir	V	0-0	stir the soup	stir emotions
water	N	7-8	first you have to cut off the water	The boat was found in within the territorial waters .
tap	V	0-0	tap beer in a bar	Tap an M3 thread all the way through the hole .
carry	V	0-1	carry too far	She carries her mother 's genes
folk	N	4-0	they 're just country folk	folks around here drink moonshine
get	V	2-1	did you get it ?	She got a lot of paintings from her uncle
period	N	5-3	in England they call a period a stop	Picasso 's blue period
danger	N	3-4	there was widespread danger of disease	you are in no danger
optimization	N	3-2	to promote the optimization and diversification of agricultural products	in an optimization problem we seek values of the variables that lead to an optimal value of the function that is to be optimized
vermin	N	7-3	he examined the child 's head for vermin	Bring these gypsy vermin to the Palace of Justice .
basket	N	6-4	The point guard drove toward the basket .	Let 's play some basket .
end	N	1-4	the end of the pier	they rode to the end of the line
submission	N	1-5	his submission to the will of God	the union was brought into submission
play	V	0-0	play fair	play it safe
go	V	4-2	Ready , set , go !	Can I go now ?
form	N	9-5	To apply for the position , complete the application form .	he filled out his tax form
show	V	4-4	The dirty side will show	His good upbringing really shows
course	N	1-3	the course of the river	he took a course in basket weaving
light	N	4-12	do you have a light ?	Cigarette in mouth , he clutched his pockets in search of a lighter .
run	V	2-0	I will run the sample .	run a new program on the Mac
principle	N	2-1	Bernoulli 's principle ;     The http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pauli_exclusion_principle Pauli Exclusion Principle prevents two fermions from occupying the same state .     The principle of the internal combustion engine	the principles of democracy
difference	N	1-8	the difference in her is amazing	It just wo n't make much of a difference to anyone .
take	V	4-1	This surface will not take the dye	He took off his shoes .
drill	V	0-0	drill a hole into the wall	drill for oil
head	N	6-6	At five years of age this head of cattle is worth perhaps $ 40	A reduction in the assessment per head of sheep
make	V	0-2	make merry	He will make a splendid father !
set	V	0-1	set a record	To set pear trees in an orchard
dwelling	N	2-4	Philip 's dwelling fronted on the street . - Alfred Tennyson	he built a modest dwelling near the pond
keep	V	2-2	Can I keep my old stuffed animals ?	she never keeps her promises
hold	V	1-1	To hold true ;    to hold good	They held on the road and kept marching
end	N	5-10	he came to a bad end	the so - called glorious experiment came to an inglorious end
follow	V	1-2	Please follow the guide through the museum	The ducklings followed their mother around the pond
point	N	3-4	he stuck the point of the knife into a tree	he knows my bad points as well as my good points
light	N	4-4	he finally saw the light	he stepped into the light
catch	V	3-2	I did n't catch your name	One foot caught in the stirrup
break	V	2-0	Kids were break - dancing at the street corner	break a promise
job	N	1-8	the job of repairing the engine took several hours	estimates of the city 's loss on that job ranged as high as a million dollars
prise	V	10-11	1919 : I think he must have been trying to prise open that box yonder when he was attacked . — Sax Rohmer , The Quest of the Sacred Slipper	C. 1925 : Come , force the gates with crowbars , prise them apart ! — Jack Lindsay , translation of Lysistrata
work	V	4-1	This dough does not work easily	They worked on her to join the group .
make	V	0-1	make a fire	She made 29 points that day
line	N	1-1	the line of soldiers advanced with their bayonets fixed	in line with
reticulation	N	1-1	the reticulation of a leaf	the reticulation of a photographic emulsion
conceive	V	7-2	Assisted procreation can help those trying to conceive .	The racist conceives such people to be inferior
store	V	0-2	store grain for the winter	The bear stores fat for the period of hibernation when he does n't eat
authority	N	2-3	Respect my authority !	I have the authority to penalise the staff in my department , but not the authority to sack them .
declare	V	0-2	declare dividends	The President declared war
roam	V	2-2	The cattle roam across the prairie	The gypsies roamed the woods
come	V	3-1	your wish will come true	Next came the student from France
taproot	N	1-7	the taproot of his resentment	genius and insanity spring from the same taproot
run	V	2-2	I will run the sample .	Do n't run that software unless you have permission . '
come	V	0-0	come down here !	come into contact with a terrorist group
place	N	8-1	Do you want to come over to my place later ?	your place or mine ?
spring	N	3-6	I spent my spring holidays in Morocco .	he will hold office until the spring of next year
breath	N	4-4	he took a deep breath and dived into the pool	I could hear the breath of the runner behind me .
business	N	3-2	a racially integrated business concern	We do business all over the world .
wash	N	7-4	I 'm going to have a quick wash before coming to bed .	My jacket needs a wash .
home	N	9-5	the teacher asked how many people made up his home	deliver the package to my home
face	N	1-6	the face of the city is changing	He managed to show a bold face despite his embarrassment .
head	N	3-6	They shot 20 head of quail	A reduction in the assessment per head of sheep
carry	V	7-2	he had drunk more than he could carry	I will carry the secret to my grave
chain	N	6-1	The third link of the silver chain needs to be resoldered .	the chain of command
game	N	5-7	I saw through his little game from the start	you need four people to play this game
furniture	N	3-2	A chair is furniture . Sofas are also furniture .	How much furniture did they leave behind ?
enable	V	3-2	This skill will enable you to find a job on Wall Street	The rope enables you to secure yourself when you climb the mountain
baby	N	6-8	it was great to feel my baby moving about inside	I felt healthy and very feminine carrying the baby
give	V	0-0	give thought to	give priority to
head	N	1-1	the head of the page	the head of the list
mount	V	0-0	mount an attack	mount a play
catch	V	2-1	did you catch a cold ?	I caught some Z 's on the train .
follow	V	2-3	Can you follow her argument ?	A terrible tsunami followed the earthquake
pay	V	0-3	pay up , please !	She offered to pay the bill ;    he has paid his debt to society
cup	N	6-7	put the flag back in the cup	he swore as the ball rimmed the cup and rolled away
develop	V	1-1	Please develop this roll of film .	Please develop this roll of film for me
life	N	3-5	pottery was his life	he appointed himself emperor for life
cycle	N	9-4	The " Ring of the Nibelung " is a cycle of four operas by Richard Wagner , the famous nineteenth - century German composer .	a year constitutes a cycle of the seasons
death	N	6-3	England scored a goal at the death to even the score at one all .	it was the death of all his plans
rub	V	0-0	rub my hands	rub oil into her skin
hold	V	0-5	hold these truths to be self - evident	About a dozen animals were held inside the stockade
anger	V	1-1	You anger too easily .	He angers easily
day	N	4-4	she called it a day and went to bed	it was a busy day on the stock exchange
catch	N	7-2	it sounds good but what 's the catch ?	he played catch with his son in the backyard
give	V	0-1	give the orders	She gave him a black eye
kill	V	0-4	kill a motion	These new shoes are killing me !
keep	V	1-0	I keep a small stock of painkillers for emergencies .	Keep smiling
smile	N	5-3	She 's got a perfect smile .	She had a smile on her face .
loan	N	3-1	He got a loan of five thousand pounds .	All loans from the library , whether books or audio material , must be returned within two weeks .
catch	V	0-1	catch one 's breath	I caught some Z 's on the train .
leave	N	4-3	The applicant now seeks leave to appeal and , if leave be granted , to appeal against these sentences .	she was granted leave to speak
raise	V	0-0	raise Cain	raise the roof
line	N	12-2	The answer to the comprehension question can be found in the third line of the accompanying text .	a nice line of shoes
carry	V	9-2	She always carries a purse ;    marsupials carry their young in a pouch	I am carrying his child
convert	V	2-1	Could you convert my dollars into pounds ?	Smith converted and his team won
facelift	N	4-3	give your home a facelift	more than a facelift , the new model marks a fundamental change of direction
use	V	2-0	we only use Spanish at home	use your head !
make	V	1-6	They make a cute couple	One swallow does not a summer make
strength	N	6-3	they measured the station 's signal strength	He had the strength of ten men .
play	V	14-2	I 've practiced the piano off and on , and I still ca n't play very well .	Can you play on this old recorder ?
make	V	0-1	make a phone call	They make a cute couple
performance	N	3-11	they admired his performance under stress	when Roger Maris powered four home runs in one game his performance merits awe
line	N	1-6	the line stretched clear around the corner	you must wait in a long line at the checkout counter
work	V	0-3	work stone into tools	He could not work the math problem
field	N	11-0	The set of rational numbers , \mathbbQ , is the prototypical field .	Field of view
fabric	N	1-5	The fabric of our lives	it is part of the fabric of society
set	V	1-2	To set glass in a sash	the sun sets early these days
make	V	2-0	Do n't make this into a big deal	Make yourself clear
shame	N	13-3	When I realized that I had hurt my friend , I felt deep shame .	one mistake brought shame to all his family
pull	V	6-2	You 're going to have to pull harder to get that cork out of the bottle .	The athlete pulled a tendon in the competition
make	N	1-1	what make of car is that ?	What make of car do you drive ?
grade	N	0-4	grade A milk	He got a good grade on the test .
run	N	5-5	the play had a long run on Broadway	the team enjoyed a brief run of victories
play	V	3-2	I used to play with trucks as a little girl	Let 's play like I am mommy
voice	N	1-3	the voice of experience	he said his voices told him to do it
grow	V	4-5	her hair does n't grow much anymore	In these forests , mushrooms grow under the trees
opening	N	4-6	He slipped through an opening in the crowd .	A salamander darted out of an opening in the rocks .
chance	N	3-3	you take a chance when you let her drive	We had the chance to meet the president last week .
treatment	N	11-1	The change is due largely to the increased availability of antiretroviral treatment .	A treatment or cure is applied after a medical problem has already started .
curmudgeon	N	14-4	John Doe 's old age and stubborn aversion to new ideas make him a curmudgeon of a candidate .	There 's a cranky curmudgeon working at the hospital who gives all the patients and other doctors flak .
play	V	14-2	I 've practiced the piano off and on , and I still ca n't play very well .	This factor played only a minor part in his decision
flight	N	6-4	Where is the departure gate for flight 747 ? / Go straight down and to the right .	I took the noon flight to Chicago
rearrange	V	1-0	Please rearrange these files	rearrange the furniture in my room
art	N	6-3	he said that architecture is the art of wasting space beautifully	How great thou art !
resistance	N	1-1	The resistance of bacteria to certain antibiotics	Widespread resistance to the new urban development plans
cover	V	0-9	cover her face with a handkerchief	Count the cash in the drawer twice just to cover yourself
carry	V	3-2	This land will carry ten cows to the acre	Do you carry kerosene heaters ?
practice	N	3-4	It is good practice to check each door and window before leaving .	It is the usual practice of employees there to wear neckties only when meeting with customers .
give	V	0-1	give one 's talents to a good cause	what gives ?
work	V	7-1	this unpleasant situation is n't going to work itself out	John worked with Paul at finishing the task .
be	V	2-2	I shall be writing to you soon .	It had been six days since his departure , when I received a letter from him .
life	N	13-1	it was a heavy play and the actors tried in vain to give life to it	The life of this milk carton may be thousands of years in this landfill .
rub	V	0-1	rub oil into her skin	I rubbed my hands together for warmth .
drink	N	5-5	Can I buy you a drink ?	I asked for a hot drink
work	V	0-2	work the metal	The salesman works the Midwest
plundering	N	1-1	the plundering of the Parthenon	his plundering of the great authors
make	V	0-1	make love , not war	We made for the mountains
call	N	6-4	he was ejected for protesting the call	he placed a phone call to London
air	N	1-5	an air of mystery	the program was on the air from 9 til midnight
spring	N	8-3	the emerging buds were a sure sign of spring	I spent my spring holidays in Morocco .
score	N	5-2	The player with the highest score is the winner .	the winning score came with less than a minute left to play
set	V	0-2	set a broken bone	The moon sets at eight o'clock tonight .
stabilization	N	0-4	stabilization means that the product can be handled under atmospheric conditions	he worked for price stabilization for farm products
mince	V	5-0	Butchers often use machines to mince meat .	mince the garlic
number	N	10-7	in English the subject and the verb must agree in number	I hope to become one of their number before I die
think	V	0-4	think thin	Idly , the detective thought what his next move should be .
carry	V	0-2	carry scars	This rifle carries for 3,000 feet
arouse	V	0-1	arouse pity	To arouse compassion
stick	N	6-6	the policy so far is all stick and no carrot	fever left him weak on his sticks
opening	N	1-1	the opening received good critical reviews	the opening established the basic theme
keep	V	1-0	I keep a small stock of painkillers for emergencies .	keep appointments
body	N	1-1	a body of law	a body of doctrine
catch	V	2-3	did you catch a cold ?	I have to catch a train at 7 o'clock
draw	V	0-0	draw parallels	Draw me a horse
cut	V	0-0	cut from one scene to another	Cut the rope
run	N	6-4	The bus on the Cherry Street run is always crowded .	the ship made its run in record time
rub	V	0-1	rub my hands	I rubbed my hands together for warmth .
nick	N	4-9	he 's in the nick	He was arrested and taken down to Sun Hill nick police station to be charged .
turn	V	0-0	turn the car around	turn your face to the wall
permit	V	2-1	This will permit the rain to run off	This permits the water to rush in
leak	N	1-6	A leak in a roof	he had to clean up the leak
break	V	0-6	break cigarette smoking	He slipped on the ice and broke his leg .
count	V	2-2	Can you count the books on your shelf ?	I can count my colleagues in the opposition
raise	V	0-0	raise the question of promotions	raise from the dead
stick	V	0-0	stick the photo onto the corkboard	stick some feathers in the turkey before you serve it
go	V	4-6	The speech has to go through several more drafts	Do you think the sofa will go through the door ?     The belt just barely went around his waist .
sanitize	V	0-0	sanitize history	sanitize a document before releasing it to the press
make	V	3-1	He did n't make the choir after his voice changed .	She makes more than he does , and works longer hours than he does , but she still does most of the house - cleaning .
mechanism	N	1-1	the mechanism of the ear	the mechanism of infection
play	V	0-0	play safe	play fair
scratch	V	2-2	Do n't scratch your insect bites !	the lovers scratched their names into the bark of the tree
think	V	1-1	I think she is pretty , contrary to most people .	I think that he is her boyfriend
smear	V	0-5	smear the wall with paint	The opposition party attempted to smear the candidate by spreading incorrect and unverifiable rumors about their personal behavior .
drift	V	0-2	drift the cattle herds westwards	the laborers drift from one town to the next
tap	V	0-0	tap one 's memory	tap a source of money
practice	N	3-3	It is good practice to check each door and window before leaving .	it is their practice to give annual raises
line	N	2-2	A shared line	A dedicated line
pull	V	0-0	pull your knees towards your chin	pull the string gently
carry	V	2-2	Do you carry kerosene heaters ?	The jar carries wine
presence	N	6-4	Any painter can benefit from the presence of a live model from which to draw .	he tested for the presence of radon
give	V	0-6	give thought to	On entering the house , he gave his coat to the doorman .
pass	V	0-1	pass along the good news	She passed the new Jersey Bar Exam and can practice law now
fix	V	0-2	fix breakfast for the guests , please	I was fixing to leave town after I paid the hotel bill
end	N	3-1	she knotted the end of the thread	the ends justify the means
work	V	4-2	How does your idea work in practice ?	A ship works in a heavy sea .
product	N	18-1	That store offers a variety of products .    We 've got to sell a lot of product by the end of the month .	the product of 2 and 3 is 6
drive	V	1-0	We drive the turnpike to work	drive the forest
search	N	4-2	the outcome justified the search	a thorough search of the ledgers revealed nothing
return	V	0-2	return to your native land	the professor returned to his teaching position after serving as Dean
hold	V	4-2	The auditorium ca n't hold more than 500 people	What 's holding that mirror ?
carry	V	2-7	Do you carry kerosene heaters ?	he had drunk more than he could carry
finish	N	6-7	it was a fight to the finish	he applied a coat of a clear finish
touch	N	2-9	the cooling touch of the night air	Suddenly , in the crowd , I felt a touch at my shoulder .
wall	N	1-3	a wall of prejudice	the container 's walls were blue
move	N	5-1	They were pleased about their move to the country .	The move into my fiancé 's house took two long days .
communicate	V	0-1	communicate a disease	He communicated his anxieties to the psychiatrist
impute	V	1-1	People impute great cleverness to cats	We imputed this quotation to Shakespeare .
school	N	3-1	he walked to school every morning	the school was built in 1932
break	V	8-1	My daughter 's fancy wedding is going to break me !	They broke into my car and stole my radio !
impute	V	1-1	People impute great cleverness to cats .	We imputed this quotation to Shakespeare .
take	V	0-0	take a scene	Take the plunge
find	V	6-2	My son went to Berkeley to find himself	The arrow found its mark
get	V	3-1	She did n't get the joke	She got a bruise on her leg
cut	V	0-2	cut recording tape	The boat cut the water
lash	V	1-2	To lash something to a spar	The lion lashed its tail
carry	V	2-1	You must carry your camping gear	Amanda carried the package .
make	V	0-4	make revolution	How much do you make a month in your new job ?
run	V	0-2	run amok	he is running the Marathon this year
mow	V	0-1	mow the grass	He mowed the lawn .
catch	V	0-3	catch the mood	The Rolls Royce caught us near the exit ramp
grain	N	4-4	sand of a fine grain	a stone of coarse grain
eye	N	5-7	he tried to catch her eye	the thread would n't go through the eye
sex	N	6-10	All you ever think about is sex .	( The believers ... those ... ) who abstain from sex
fool	N	2-3	The village fool threw his own shoes down the well .	You were a fool to cross that busy road without looking .
concern	N	8-4	The employees ' attitude is really hurting the concern .	a racially integrated business concern
integrity	N	10-5	he expects to find in us the common honesty and integrity of men of business	they admired his scrupulous professional integrity
run	V	5-2	Does this old car still run well ?	I will run the sample .
chain	N	1-6	the chain of command	The third link of the silver chain needs to be resoldered .
submission	N	5-1	what was the date of submission of your proposal ?	his submission to the will of God
sublime	V	0-2	sublime iodine	some salts sublime when heated
call	N	12-4	he heard the phone ringing but did n't want to take the call	she reported several anonymous calls
enter	V	0-0	enter an agreement	enter negotiations
see	V	13-1	They 're blind to the damage they do , but someday they 'll see .	I see that you have been promoted
time	N	4-1	he waited a long time	the time of year for planting
make	V	0-8	make a cake	She married into wealth and so has it made .
make	V	1-1	Clothes make the man	He made to speak but said nothing in the end
pass	V	0-3	pass along the good news	A black limousine passed by when she looked out the window
come	V	0-1	come into the room	He came singing down the road
toe	V	0-1	toe a nail	She toes inwards
work	N	8-3	mastering a second language requires a lot of work	he arrived at work early today
make	V	6-1	One swallow does not a summer make	He made a fool of himself at the meeting
civilization	N	7-2	A hermit does n't much care for civilization .	early Mayan civilization
turn	V	0-0	turn cartwheels	turn a somersault
exclude	V	1-4	To exclude young animals from the womb or from eggs	The unruly student was excluded from the game
make	V	1-3	I make the height about 100 feet	He did n't make the choir after his voice changed .
pay	V	0-9	pay an obligation	He was allowed to go as soon as he paid .
cut	V	1-1	She cut him dead at the meeting	Wayne cut
make	V	5-3	have , throw , or make a party	They hope to make a bigger profit
coverage	N	13-3	Before laying sod on that clay , the ground needs two inches of coverage with topsoil .	There are overlapping coverages on your insurance policies .
draw	V	0-0	draw a deep breath	draw wire
make	V	3-1	They hope to make a bigger profit	She makes like an actress
wash	V	9-3	The car is so dirty , we need to wash it .	he managed to wash out the stains
channel	N	1-2	a channel is typically what you rent from a telephone company	The English Channel lies between France and England .
song	N	6-4	a bird will not learn its song unless it hears it at an early age	I love hearing the song of canary birds .
grocery	N	1-5	the grocery store included a meat market	She carried a sack of groceries in from the car and set it on the kitchen table .
order	N	0-4	order ruled in the streets	The house is in order ; the machinery is out of order .
replace	V	3-6	the insurance will replace the lost income	This antique vase can never be replaced
draw	V	0-0	draw a conclusion	draw a line
make	V	2-4	We should make Cincinnati by 7 tonight .	This company is what made you .
cut	N	1-4	the cut from the accident scene to the hospital seemed too abrupt	The lawyer took a cut of the profits .
hold	V	2-2	I 'll hold you by your promise	He 's held by a contract
corner	N	2-5	The chimney corner was full of cobwebs .	a piano was in one corner of the room
top	N	3-5	he removed the top of the carton	he could n't get the top off of the bottle
make	V	3-4	He did n't make the choir after his voice changed .	How much do you make a month in your new job ?
piece	N	3-4	he sacrificed a piece to get a strategic advantage	he wrote an interesting piece on Iran
stand	V	3-1	We had to stand for the entire performance !	They stood the statue on the pedestal .
raise	V	1-2	To raise a wall , or a heap of stones	The President raised several million dollars for his college
house	N	3-3	he has a house on Cape Cod	This is my house and my family 's ancestral home .
have	V	0-0	have an assistant	have a lover
put	V	1-1	He put all his efforts into this job	She put too much emphasis on her the last statement
have	V	5-5	How many cars does she have ?	The dog down the street has a lax owner .
stimulate	V	0-2	stimulate my appetite	This play stimulates
care	V	2-3	I really care about my work	He does n't care about how / whether she comes .
blend	V	0-1	blend the nuts and raisins together	he blends in with the crowd
locus	N	4-1	A circle is the locus of points from which the distance to the center is a given value , the radius .	the locus of points equidistant from a given point is a circle
wall	N	5-1	negotiations ran into a brick wall	a wall of smoke
background	N	7-4	he is a lawyer with a sports background	The lawyer had a background in computer science .
pull	V	7-0	You 'll be sent home if you pull another stunt like that .	pull a bank robbery
prise	V	11-10	C. 1925 : Come , force the gates with crowbars , prise them apart ! — Jack Lindsay , translation of Lysistrata	1919 : I think he must have been trying to prise open that box yonder when he was attacked . — Sax Rohmer , The Quest of the Sacred Slipper
safety	N	8-2	If you push it to the limit , safety is not guaranteed .	insure the safety of the children
call	N	4-3	he placed a phone call to London	the salesman 's call on a customer
come	V	0-2	come into contact with a terrorist group	The shoes came untied
continue	V	3-3	We can not continue several servants any longer	The bad weather continued for two more weeks
ride	V	3-2	She loves to ride her new motorcycle through town	The child rode on his mother 's hips
optimization	N	2-2	in an optimization problem we seek values of the variables that lead to an optimal value of the function that is to be optimized	the simultaneous optimization of growth and profitability
field	N	8-5	the set of all rational numbers is a field	The design needs to be field - tested before we commit to manufacture .
draw	V	1-0	I draw a line here	draw parallels
strike	V	0-0	strike fire from the flintstone	strike a match
bed	N	4-8	the gardener planted a bed of roses	We added a new rosebush to our rose bed .
head	N	5-1	the beer had a large head of foam	a head of steam
go	V	6-2	How fast does your new car go ?	This door goes to the basement
pay	V	0-2	pay a debt	Do n't pay him any mind
leave	V	3-6	She did n't leave until midnight	At what time does your train leave ?
drive	V	2-3	Can you drive this four - wheel truck ?	What are you driving at ?
drive	V	1-0	You drive nails into wood with a hammer .	Drive a nail into the wall
carry	V	2-2	These bonds carry warrants	The loan carries a high interest rate
squeeze	N	4-8	increased expenses put a squeeze on profits	getting through that small opening was a tight squeeze
come	V	0-2	come out of the closet !	A scream came from the woman 's mouth
formation	N	1-1	the formation of pseudopods	the formation of crystals
fast	V	1-2	Muslims fast during Ramadan .	Catholics sometimes fast during Lent
run	V	5-2	I 'm not ready to run a marathon .	She always runs to Italy , because she has a lover there
occasion	N	9-6	Having people round for dinner was always quite an occasion at our house .	it was needed only on special occasions
make	V	0-0	make merry	make lead into gold
match	V	4-2	His interests did n't match her interests .	let them match their best athletes against ours
break	V	1-0	Twigs break off of those branches easily .	break a promise
check	V	0-0	check into the rumor	check the brakes
leave	V	0-1	leave it as is	I left my keys inside the car and locked the doors
cut	V	0-0	cut a movie scene	cut a Ping - Pong ball
date	N	1-6	The date of a letter , of a will , of a deed , of a coin , etc .	he tried to memorizes all the dates for his history class
make	V	6-1	You have to spend money to make money !	She makes more than he does , and works longer hours than he does , but she still does most of the house - cleaning .
pull	V	0-0	pull the string gently	Pull the handle towards you
come	V	3-2	your wish will come true	Which letter comes before Y ?     Winter comes after autumn .
connect	V	3-2	This computer will connect well to the network .	Our computers connected together .
raise	V	6-1	We visited a farm where they raise chickens .	To raise somebody to office
arouse	V	1-0	To arouse compassion	arouse pity
respect	N	3-5	she lost all respect for him	be sure to give my respects to the dean
feeling	N	3-5	she had a feeling of euphoria	The house gave me a feeling of dread .
go	V	2-2	Messages must go through diplomatic channels	We should go farther in this matter
fall	V	0-4	fall into a category	The most difficult task fell on the youngest member of the team
break	V	6-5	I do n't know how to break this to you , but your cat is not coming back .	When news of their divorce broke , ...
irritate	V	0-1	irritate the glands of a leaf	It irritates me that she never closes the door after she leaves
line	N	5-6	he 's not in my line of business	historians can only point out those lines for which evidence is available
light	N	7-3	Hey , buddy , you got a light ?	can you shed light on this problem ?
field	N	8-10	the home crowd cheered when Princeton took the field	There are several species of wild flowers growing in this field .
foot	N	1-1	the foot of the mountain	the foot of the page
place	N	11-4	We thought we would win but only ended up in fourth place .	He comes from a place near Chicago
give	V	0-1	give the orders	I gave my coat to the beggar .
run	N	7-15	the assembly line was on a 12-hour run	He went to Las Vegas and spent all his money over a three - day run .
monopoly	N	4-1	when you have a monopoly you can ask any price you like	a monopoly on silver
have	V	3-0	What do we have here ?	have , throw , or make a party
air	N	8-4	if you 've time to spare go by air	I need some fresh air
shade	V	0-6	shade the meaning	The hillside was bright green , shading towards gold in the drier areas .
time	N	12-6	Time stops for nobody .     the ebb and flow of time	it took more than half my time
number	N	1-7	a number 13 shoe	this sweater is an all - wool number
take	V	2-2	I 'll take three salmon steaks	We are taking an orphan from Romania
make	V	0-0	make a dress	make a wall of stones
cut	V	2-0	The sweat cut little rivulets into her face	cut a movie scene
fast	V	2-1	Catholics sometimes fast during Lent	Muslims fast during Ramadan .
trade	N	4-3	I had no further trade with him	I did no trades with them once the rumors started .
reaction	N	4-2	there was a chemical reaction of the lime with the ground water	In this reaction , the acid and base will neutralize each other , producing a salt .
get	V	0-0	get nauseous	get an idea
tea	N	7-4	Go to the supermarket and buy some tea .	Would you like some tea ?
center	N	3-5	it is a center 's responsibility to get the football to the quarterback	his stories made him the center of the party
union	N	4-4	there is strength in union	let C be the union of the sets A and B
vehicle	N	4-4	a congregation is a vehicle of group identity	his editorials provided a vehicle for his political views
play	V	7-5	The Democrats still have some cards to play before they will concede the electoral victory	` Cats ' has been playing on Broadway for many years
reaction	N	12-9	When I last tried to eat strawberries I had a terrible allergic reaction .	You were in the courtroom . What is your reaction ?
reenactment	N	8-1	They 're going to the Civil War battle reenactment this weekend .	the reenactment of the battle of Princeton
take	V	3-3	You ca n't take credit for this !	He was often taken to be a man of means .
third	N	3-4	he is playing third	Now put it into third .
go	V	5-2	How many times does 18 go into 54 ?	Messages must go through diplomatic channels
join	V	2-1	Many children join a sports club .     Most politicians have joined a party .	He joined the Communist Party as a young man
do	V	3-5	Will $ 100 do ?	A ' B ' grade does n't suffice to get me into medical school
ball	N	1-6	the ball travelled 90 mph on his serve	the mayor threw out the first ball
body	N	1-1	a body of law	a body of precedents
hit	V	2-2	The thermometer hit 100 degrees	The movie hits theaters in December .
object	N	2-1	the sole object of her trip was to see her children	the object of the verb
ambition	N	1-1	My ambition is to own a helicopter .	his ambition is to own his own business
back	N	5-1	Could you please scratch my back ?	his back was nicely tanned
drive	V	1-1	You drive nails into wood with a hammer .	We drive the turnpike to work
occupy	V	5-1	the young prince will soon occupy the throne	he occupies two rooms on the top floor
pull	V	0-0	pull the oars	pull the trigger of the gun
head	N	1-1	the head of the list	the head of the page
way	N	3-4	that 's the way it is	I felt the same way
see	V	2-0	Could you see about lunch ?	see a movie
state	N	4-2	in a weak financial state	the current state of knowledge
volunteer	V	1-1	To volunteer for doing the dishes	He volunteered the information
line	N	4-4	the cast stood in line for the curtain call	his face has many lines
limit	N	8-2	The sequence of reciprocals has zero as its limit .	to the limit of his ability
begin	V	6-3	This economic measure does n't even begin to deal with the problem of inflation	The first tourists began to arrive in Cambodia
tell	V	0-1	tell me what is bothering you	Ellen told Helen how to avoid the crowd .
top	N	2-4	only the top side of the box was painted	put your books on top of the desk
roll	V	0-2	roll out the paper	The pastry rolls well .
containment	N	1-1	the containment of the rebellion	the containment of the AIDS epidemic
break	V	7-0	Is it your or my turn to break ?	break the code
catch	V	6-0	If you leave now you might catch him .	Catch the ball !
arouse	V	1-1	To arouse jealousy	To arouse compassion
side	N	6-1	he had a pain in his side	Which side of the tray shall I put it on ?
sophisticate	V	1-0	To sophisticate wine . — Howell .	Sophisticate rose water with geraniol
trace	V	0-2	trace a design	The women traced the pasture
stream	N	0-1	stream of consciousness	a stream of people emptied from the terminal
catch	V	10-1	I would love to have dinner but I have to catch a plane .	He caught the last three innings .
breath	N	6-4	he was fighting to his last breath	he took a deep breath and dived into the pool
work	V	5-2	Start from the bottom and work towards the top	She was working on her second martini when the guests arrived
make	V	0-0	make one 's way into the forest	Made a questionable decision
take	V	0-1	take the gun from your pocket	Mother took our plates away and came back with some fruit for us to eat .
point	N	3-4	he checked the point on his compass	To fall off a point
sense	N	5-5	fortunately she had the good sense to run away	he has n't got the sense God gave little green apples
chain	N	1-1	the chain of command	A chain of ideas , one leading to the next
gratification	N	5-3	dull repetitious work gives no gratification	to my immense gratification he arrived on time
run	V	0-2	run amok	The speech runs as follows : …
connect	V	5-4	The local train does not connect with the Amtrak train	The planes do n't connect and you will have to wait for four hours
cut	V	0-2	cut trenches	The Vietnamese cut a lot of timber while they occupied Cambodia
get	V	3-0	She did n't get to Chicago until after midnight	Get permission to take a few days off from work
wilderness	N	10-1	the duties of citizenship are lost sight of in the wilderness of interests of individuals and groups	a wilderness of masts in the harbor
beat	V	0-1	beat one 's foot rhythmically	I beat the traffic
stuff	N	2-4	it was stuff I had heard before	What is all that stuff on your bedroom floor ?
make	V	6-0	One swallow does not a summer make	make a mistake
go	V	2-6	Messages must go through diplomatic channels	Do you think the sofa will go through the door ?     The belt just barely went around his waist .
cut	V	2-0	The sweat cut little rivulets into her face	cut trenches
hearing	N	1-1	his hearing was impaired	My hearing is n't what it used to be , but I still heard that noise .
call	V	4-1	The mayor likes to call on some of the prominent citizens	She called her children lazy and ungrateful
body	N	1-1	a body of doctrine	a body of law
drop	N	1-4	a drop of each sample was analyzed	there is not a drop of pity in that man
allow	V	1-2	To allow a son to be absent .	Mandela was allowed few visitors in prison
admit	V	3-1	We can not admit non - members into our club building	She admitted us .
excuse	N	2-9	a poor excuse for an automobile	he had to get his mother to write an excuse for him
reaction	N	12-5	When I last tried to eat strawberries I had a terrible allergic reaction .	John feared his mother 's reaction when she saw the broken lamp
song	N	4-1	I love hearing the song of canary birds .	the song of the wind
lightning	N	5-1	That tree was hit by lightning .	The lightning was hot enough to melt the sand .
carry	V	2-2	I always carry money	The troops carried the town after a brief fight
concord	V	2-0	Both philosophers concord on this point	Concord the conditions for the marriage of the Prince of Wales with a commoner
teach	V	2-1	Can you teach me to sew ?     Can you teach sewing to me ?	Wanda taught the students .
go	V	5-5	These ugly billboards have to go !	The washing machine wo n't go unless it 's plugged in
flight	N	1-4	The flight to Paris leaves at 7 o'clock tonight	I took the noon flight to Chicago
letter	N	1-3	The letter of a room	A blood - letter
read	V	2-1	I can read his feelings in his face .	She read my mind and promptly rose to get me a glass of water .
mouth	N	4-6	he rode into the mouth of the canyon	they built a fire at the mouth of the cave
normalize	V	0-0	normalize the spelling	normalize the temperature
top	N	2-6	only the top side of the box was painted	he stared as she buttoned her top
calendar	N	5-5	The club has a busy calendar this year .	I have you on my calendar for next Monday
take	V	2-11	I 'll take three salmon steaks	Looking at him as he came into the room , I took him for his father .
vault	N	7-9	Family members had been buried in the vault for centuries .	The bank kept their money safe in a large vault .
think	V	3-1	She did n't think to harm me	We thought to return early that night
floor	N	2-5	the whole floor complained about the lack of heat	The room has a wooden floor .
color	N	4-2	she used a different color for the trim	a white color is made up of many different wavelengths of light
mess	N	5-2	My boss dumped a whole mess of projects on my desk today .	The wardroom mess
use	V	2-2	We can use this mathematical formula to solve the problem .	we only use Spanish at home
describe	V	5-3	The feeling is difficult to describe , but not unpleasant .	Discreet Italian police described it in a manner typically continental
classify	V	3-1	How would you classify these pottery shards -- are they prehistoric ?	She classified the works as ' dangerous ' .
work	V	0-4	work one 's way through the crowd	She knows how to work the system
fish	N	10-5	in the living room there was a tank of colorful fish	the shark is a large fish
carry	V	1-2	We carry a very large mortgage	The motion carried easily
law	N	5-1	civilization presupposes respect for the law	By law , one is not allowed to own a wallaby in New York City .
howl	N	1-3	the howl of the wind made him restless	he gave a howl of pain
fabric	N	5-1	it is part of the fabric of society	The fabric of our lives
bankruptcy	N	1-1	intellectual bankruptcy	moral bankruptcy
turn	V	0-0	turn your face to the wall	turn your dance partner around
part	N	5-3	he wanted to feel a part of something bigger than himself	she played the part of Desdemona
substitute	V	5-3	The young teacher had to substitute for the sick colleague	The skim milk substitutes for cream -- we are on a strict diet
identity	N	7-5	it was too dark to determine his identity	geneticists only recently discovered the identity of the gene that causes it
cut	V	0-2	cut a dress	The baby cut a tooth
sense	N	3-3	A keen musical sense	in the best sense charity is really a duty
see	V	3-3	How nice to see you again !	We went to see the Eiffel Tower in the morning
syrup	N	1-1	Pancake syrup	Maple syrup
reaction	N	2-3	a bad reaction to the medicine	the forces of reaction carried the election
sex	N	6-2	All you ever think about is sex .	they had sex in the back seat
find	V	0-2	find the product of two numbers	Water is found to be a compound substance .
give	V	2-2	do n't give the child this tough meat	Can I give you my keys while I go in the pool ?
give	V	0-0	give priority to	give thought to
work	V	4-2	This dough does not work easily	This artist works mostly in acrylics
chain	N	5-1	This led to an unfortunate chain of events .	A chain of ideas , one leading to the next
focus	V	1-4	Please focus the image	You 'll need to focus the microscope carefully in order to capture the full detail of this surface .
break	V	0-1	break a record	You broke the alarm clock when you took it apart !
patch	N	2-2	a cabbage patch	a briar patch
go	V	2-4	Messages must go through diplomatic channels	The speech has to go through several more drafts
apply	V	1-0	I apply this rule to get good results	apply for a job
gather	V	0-12	gather some stones	If you want to emphasise the shape , it is possible to gather the waistline .
rub	V	0-1	rub oil into her skin	I rubbed the cloth over the glass .
sense	N	1-1	a sense of danger	a sense of happiness
pull	V	0-0	pull the trigger of the gun	Pull the rope
break	V	0-4	break the code	The newsman wanted to break a big story , something that would make him famous .
dip	N	3-2	there was a dip in the road	This onion dip is just scrumptious .
snap	V	1-0	To snap a whip	snap your fingers
winnow	V	0-0	winnow chaff	winnow the finalists from the long list of applicants
nose	N	6-7	Red Rum only won by a nose .	my horse lost the race by a nose
cut	V	0-0	cut a movie scene	cut class
peace	N	8-4	Our lounge strives to maintain an environment of peace for the comfort of our customers .	My boy , this peace is what all true warriors strive for .
run	V	2-6	I will run the sample .	My computer is too old to run the new OS .
language	N	2-5	The English language ;    sign language	he did n't have the language to express his feelings
know	V	1-1	I know your mother , but I 've never met your father .	I know this voice !
head	N	1-1	the head of the page	the head of the stairs
movement	N	6-0	politicians have to respect a mass movement	movement is a sign of life
shower	V	2-1	You should shower after vigorous exercise	He showered her with presents
block	V	0-0	block a nerve	block a garment
window	N	2-6	the expanded window will give us time to catch the thieves	You have a two - hour window of clear weather to finish working on the lawn .
cut	V	0-2	cut trenches	The sweat cut little rivulets into her face
feel	N	3-3	he has a feel for animals " or " it 's easy when you get the feel of it	She has a feel for music .
head	N	4-1	they were at the head of the attack	200 head of cattle and 50 head of horses
draw	V	10-0	At the start of their turn , each player must draw a card .	draw a card
body	N	1-8	the body of the car was badly rusted	Penny was in the scullery , pressing the body of her new dress .
setup	N	6-5	it takes time to learn the setup around here	The laboratory included an elaborate setup for measuring the energy .
litany	N	4-1	the patient recited a litany of complaints	a litany of failures
come	V	0-0	come down here !	come out of the closet !
line	N	1-4	the line of soldiers advanced with their bayonets fixed	he has a smooth line but I did n't fall for it
home	N	5-9	deliver the package to my home	the teacher asked how many people made up his home
official	N	5-7	the golfer asked for an official who could give him a ruling	In most soccer games there are three officials : the referee and two linesmen .
air	N	0-7	air pollution	The flock of birds took to the air .
leave	V	0-0	leave the room	leave it as is
stage	N	1-2	The stage pulled into town carrying the payroll for the mill and three ladies .	at what stage are the social sciences ?
cut	V	2-0	The Vietnamese cut a lot of timber while they occupied Cambodia	cut paper dolls
member	N	1-1	a member of the faculty	only members will be admitted
thrust	N	1-3	the thrust of the jet engines	he made a thrusting motion with his fist
lady	N	1-11	A lady doctor .	a chauffeur opened the door of the limousine for the grand lady
day	N	4-6	it should arrive any day now	I 've been here for 2 days and a bit .
drink	N	5-4	Can I buy you a drink ?	he jumped into the drink and had to be rescued
line	N	6-1	you must wait in a long line at the checkout counter	the line stretched clear around the corner
occasion	N	1-3	an occasion arranged to honor the president	there was no occasion for complaint
break	V	2-2	Kids were break - dancing at the street corner	let 's break for lunch
smother	V	0-3	smother a yawn	the butter cream smothered the cake
remission	N	4-4	Her cancer was in remission .	his cancer is in remission
time	N	6-4	it took more than half my time	I did n't have time to finish
play	V	0-2	play a joke	The fountains played all day
deal	N	5-6	I believe it 's your deal .	I did n't have a good deal all evening .
keep	V	0-0	keep a diary	Keep smiling
give	V	3-1	What will you give her for her birthday ?	He gave her his word
come	V	2-2	He 's come a long way	Which letter comes before Y ?     Winter comes after autumn .
gravitation	N	0-0	gravitation can not be held responsible for people falling in love "-- Albert Einstein	Gravitation är svagare än elektromagnetismen , men påverkar all materia och energi .
make	V	0-1	make a stir	She made 29 points that day
beat	V	0-3	beat on the door	The sun was beating down on us
body	N	6-1	he felt as if his whole body were on fire	All bodies are held together by internal forces .
time	N	4-4	We had a wonderful time at the party .	I did n't have time to finish
stress	N	11-3	he presided over the economy during the period of the greatest stress and danger"- R.J.Samuelson	she endured the stresses and strains of life
day	N	1-4	my day began early this morning	it was a busy day on the stock exchange
trump	N	1-3	a trump can take a trick even when a card of a different suit is led	clubs were declared trumps
line	N	4-4	they were arrayed in line of battle	the cast stood in line for the curtain call
life	N	2-1	he got life for killing the guard	city life
opening	N	3-6	there is an opening in the sales department	A salamander darted out of an opening in the rocks .
room	N	2-1	the whole room was cheering	The room was on its feet .
see	V	3-1	We went to see the Eiffel Tower in the morning	I saw their laughing and joking .
inclination	N	2-1	the alkaline inclination of the local waters	her inclination is for classical music
spread	V	4-3	A big oil spot spread across the water	She liked to spread butter on her toast while it was still hot .
draw	V	8-0	Draw water from a well ;    draw water for a bath ;    the wound drew blood	draw parallels
carry	V	2-1	These bonds carry warrants	She carries her ideas to the extreme
pad	V	0-0	pad the seat of the chair	pad a bra
eye	N	5-4	he tried to catch her eye	That dress caught her eye .
shock	N	4-8	he had an unruly shock of black hair	The train hit the buffers with a great shock .
bake	V	0-3	bake the potatoes	She 's been baking all day to prepare for the dinner .
charge	V	0-2	charge the wagon with hay	The teacher charged the children to memorize the poem
keep	V	0-0	keep open the possibility of a merger	keep my job for me while I give birth
break	V	3-5	I had to break a $ 100 bill just to buy the candy	The horse was tough to break
quality	N	1-3	the quality of mercy is not strained "-- Shakespeare	One of the qualities of pure iron is that it does not rust easily .
work	V	0-0	work the metal	work one 's way through the crowd
time	N	3-4	See you another time ;    that 's three times he 's made the same mistake	When was the last time we went out ? I do n't remember .
smile	N	4-4	He has a sinister smile .	He always puts a smile on my face .
focus	V	1-1	Please focus on your studies and not on your hobbies	We focused on what he wanted .
range	N	7-5	the plains lay just beyond the mountain range	the valley was between two ranges of hills
run	V	2-6	Interest rates run from 5 to 10 percent	My computer is too old to run the new OS .
serve	V	1-1	They serve a restricted role on the bench .	She served in Congress for two terms
account	N	8-1	he predicted that although it is of small account now it will rapidly increase in importance	the account of his speech that was given on the evening news made the governor furious
picture	N	2-2	the very picture of a modern general	the political picture is favorable
account	N	9-8	he asked to see the executive who handled his account	he predicted that although it is of small account now it will rapidly increase in importance
call	V	0-2	call a football game	She was called into the director 's office
keep	V	0-0	keep notes	keep a diary
roll	V	0-2	roll your hair around your finger	The thunder rolled
fall	V	4-1	The hills around here fall towards the ocean	Night fell
run	V	4-6	The crowd had to run away from the burning structure with only the clothes on their backs .	If you see this man , run !
side	N	7-4	The patient was bleeding on the right side .	Look on the bright side .
use	V	0-2	use the plastic bags to store the food	We can use this mathematical formula to solve the problem .
consult	V	2-7	You should consult the dictionary	Men forgot , or feared , to consult ... ; they were content to consult libraries . - William Whewell .
travel	N	7-1	he enjoyed selling but he hated the travel	Space travel
cut	V	2-1	The coach cut two players from the team	Wayne cut
draw	V	0-0	draw on a cigarette	draw wire
make	V	0-0	make water into wine	make lead into gold
commercialization	N	6-4	the government tried to accelerate the commercialization of this development	my father considered the commercialization of Christmas to be a sacrilege
concern	N	9-3	the safety of the ship is the captain 's concern	She felt strong concern for those less fortunate
unit	N	5-8	an idea is not a unit that can be moved from one brain to another	He was a member of a special police unit .
point	N	3-3	he checked the point on his compass	a row of points
hinge	N	4-4	his absence is the hinge of our plan	This argument was the hinge on which the question turned .
run	V	0-2	run a new program on the Mac	Do n't run that software unless you have permission . '
drive	V	0-3	drive the forest	What are you driving at ?
progress	N	1-4	great progress in the arts	he listened for the progress of the troops
worry	N	4-5	I 'm afflicted by worry throughout the night .	it is not work but worry that kills
ball	N	1-4	a ball of mud caught him on the shoulder	The children were playing ball in the garden .
term	N	2-2	Near - term , mid - term and long - term goals	a prison term
year	N	2-3	This Chinese year is the year of the Rooster .	she is 4 years old
connect	V	3-4	This computer will connect well to the network .	The new railroad will connect the northern part of the state to the southern part .
date	N	4-3	Do you know the date of the wedding ?	I arranged a date with my Australian business partners .
bet	V	1-2	I bet she will be there !	You can bet on that !
check	V	0-0	check the time of the class	check into the rumor
conquer	V	0-0	conquer your fears	conquer a country
vagueness	N	6-7	these terms were used with a vagueness that suggested little or no thought about what each might convey	the Conservative manifesto is a model of vagueness
come	V	0-0	come out of the closet !	come down here !
use	V	2-0	We can use this mathematical formula to solve the problem .	Use this knife to slice the bread .
go	V	0-4	go about the world in a certain manner	His knowledge does n't go very far
come	V	3-2	Nothing good will come of this	His breath came hard
port	V	0-0	port the helm	Port arms !
mean	V	9-3	The sky is red this morning — does that mean we 're in for a storm ?	I did n't mean to knock your tooth out .
press	V	3-0	This guy can press 300 pounds	press a record
stretch	N	1-3	a stretch of clear water	he did a stretch in the federal penitentiary
make	V	0-2	make a phone call	She 'll make a fine president .
patch	N	6-6	I lost my locket in this patch of grass here .	The world economy had a rough patch in the 1930s .
nomination	N	6-1	there was keen competition for the nomination	his nomination was hotly protested
luck	N	1-5	bad luck caused his downfall	I could n't believe my luck when I found a fifty dollar bill on the street .
institution	N	1-1	the institution of slavery	the institution of marriage
life	N	4-13	He gave up on life .	Having experienced both , the vampire decided that he preferred ( un)death to life .
take	V	0-1	take action	Winner takes all
have	V	0-3	have a feeling	I wo n't have this dog in my house !
business	N	4-7	show me where the business was today	They did nearly a million dollars of business over the long weekend .
drop	N	1-3	a drop of each sample was analyzed	there was a drop in pressure in the pulmonary artery
make	V	4-0	How much do you make a month in your new job ?	make revolution
baby	N	1-1	the baby of the Supreme Court	the baby of the family
look	N	6-5	he went out to have a look	he gave it a good looking at
song	N	1-1	the song of the wind	the song of bullets was in the air
feel	V	6-1	My cold is gone -- I feel fine today	She felt tired after the long hike
vicinity	N	5-6	the plane crashed in the vicinity of Asheville	There is a hurricane in the vicinity of the Bahamas .
work	V	0-1	work the metal	John worked with Paul at finishing the task .
shift	V	0-0	shift one 's attention	shift the emphasis
capital	N	10-4	The Welsh government claims that Cardiff is Europe 's youngest capital .	Washington D.C. is the capital of the United States of America .
bank	V	4-0	the pilot had to bank the aircraft	bank a fire
drink	N	5-3	Can I buy you a drink ?	he took a drink of his beer and smacked his lips
run	N	4-3	the ship made its run in record time	she got a run in her stocking
make	V	0-0	make lead into gold	make water into wine
make	V	0-2	make clay into bricks	We barely made the plane
give	V	0-0	give one 's opinion	give an excuse
match	V	4-2	this job does n't match my dreams	The company matched the discount policy of its competitors
air	N	7-0	The flock of birds took to the air .	air pollution
size	N	3-5	that 's the size of the situation	a wolf is about the size of a large dog
stomach	N	2-5	A good stomach for roast beef	exercise gave him a good stomach for dinner
take	V	0-1	take sick	be taken drunk
spread	N	5-1	they put out quite a spread	the spread between lending and borrowing costs
admit	V	3-1	We can not admit non - members into our club building	She admitted us here .
field	N	5-0	The design needs to be field - tested before we commit to manufacture .	Field work traditionally distinguishes true archaeologists from armchair archaeologists .
induct	V	5-4	there was a ceremony to induct the president of the Academy	The young geisha was inducted into the ways of her profession
order	N	4-4	it was on the order of a mile	men from the fraternal order will staff the soup kitchen today
reaction	N	9-12	You were in the courtroom . What is your reaction ?	When I last tried to eat strawberries I had a terrible allergic reaction .
move	N	1-4	The move into my fiancé 's house took two long days .	they say that three moves equal one fire
unravel	V	2-11	can you unravel the mystery ?	Stop playing with the seam of the tablecloth ! You will unravel it .
tongue	N	4-0	she has a glib tongue	tongues of flame licked at the walls
disengage	V	0-3	disengage the gears	I want to disengage myself from his influence
rotate	V	3-1	ballet dancers can rotate their legs out by 90 degrees	We rotate the lead soprano every night
get	V	3-3	You can not get water out of a stone	Where did she get these news ?
beat	V	2-0	The boat beat in the strong wind	beat the subway fare
drop	N	1-3	a drop of each sample was analyzed	they expected the drop would be successful
practice	N	6-5	a hard theory to put into practice	it is not the local practice to wear shorts to dinner
develop	V	0-2	develop a market for the new mobile phone	Well - developed breasts
origin	N	0-4	origin in sensation	the rumor had its origin in idle gossip
come	V	0-1	come down here !	He came from France to Colorado .
play	V	3-3	I used to play with trucks as a little girl	The kids were playing outside all day
carry	V	4-7	I resent having to carry her all the time	the dog was taught to fetch and carry
break	V	0-1	break a circuit	who broke into my account last night ?
grow	V	3-2	That acorn will grow into an oak tree .	The gardener grew that acorn into an oak tree .
foot	N	1-1	the foot of the page	the foot of the mountain
text	N	6-5	he wants to reconstruct the original text	they handed out the printed text of the mayor 's speech
feeling	N	5-8	the surface had a greasy feeling	The wool on my arm produced a strange feeling .
see	V	2-1	Can you see the bird in that tree ?	I saw him laughing .
cut	V	0-2	cut recording tape	The baby cut a tooth
sweep	V	1-2	Please sweep the floor	They were swept up by the events
charge	V	4-2	Do n't forget to charge the drill .	She was charged with supervising the creation of a concordance
communication	N	11-4	A round archway at the far end of the hallway provided communication to the main chamber .	how many lines of communication can there be among four people ?
melt	V	13-2	When the weather is warm , the snowman will disappear ; he will melt .	The wax melted in the sun
strike	V	4-2	the opponent refused to strike	The teacher struck the child
spot	N	1-3	night spot	a leopard 's spots
order	N	4-5	men from the fraternal order will staff the soup kitchen today	an explosion of a low order of magnitude
classify	V	2-2	Should we classify " make up " as an idiom or as a phrasal verb ?	The curator classified the artifacts .
reaction	N	3-2	the forces of reaction carried the election	In this reaction , the acid and base will neutralize each other , producing a salt .
play	V	0-1	play the stock market	He plays on three teams ;    who 's playing now ?
commercialization	N	4-7	my father considered the commercialization of Christmas to be a sacrilege	both companies will retain control over the commercialization of their own products
set	V	0-0	set the table	Set the dogs on the scent of the missing children
school	N	8-3	he did n't miss a single day of school	he walked to school every morning
use	V	2-2	we only use Spanish at home	We can use this mathematical formula to solve the problem .
make	V	0-3	make a decision	They hope to make a bigger profit
purchase	V	5-1	$ 50 wo n't even purchase a dress .	To purchase land , to purchase a house
survey	N	4-1	" Under his proud survey the city lies . " -Sir John Denham .	his survey of the battlefield was limited
load	N	5-6	I 'm worried that the load on that transformer will be too high .	the system broke down under excessive loads
side	N	5-2	it brought out his better side	the Confederate side was prepared to attack
admit	V	3-2	The French doors admit onto the yard	This pipe admits air
block	V	0-0	block a plate for printing	block the wheels of a car
make	V	6-0	One swallow does not a summer make	make lead into gold
business	N	6-2	computers are now widely used in business	We do business all over the world .
ear	N	2-4	a good ear for pitch	he had a keen ear
break	V	0-0	break the code	break a branch from a tree
charge	V	2-0	Can I charge this purchase ?	charge a conductor
array	N	4-6	it was a bewildering array of books	his tools were in an orderly array on the basement wall
replace	V	3-3	We need to replace the secretary that left a month ago	the insurance will replace the lost income
make	V	0-0	make up a room	make advances
make	V	0-0	make a fire	make lead into gold
interpreter	N	5-11	she was famous as an interpreter of Shakespearean roles	Programs written in the BASIC language are usually run through an interpreter , though some can be compiled .
break	V	0-1	break a branch from a tree	Twigs break off of those branches easily .
see	V	4-2	I just ca n't see your point	Now I see !
take	V	0-2	take shelter from the storm	Do you take me for a fool ?
change	N	5-1	The product is undergoing a change in order to improve it .	the change was intended to increase sales
fire	V	0-0	fire a bullet	fire a gun
read	V	3-3	I ca n't read his strange behavior	The fortune teller read his fate in the crystal ball
play	V	5-0	Play football ;    play sports ;    play games	play cards
circus	N	1-8	The circus will be in town next week .	he ran away from home to join the circus
reaction	N	9-8	You were in the courtroom . What is your reaction ?	The announcement of the verdict brought a violent reaction .
shoot	V	0-0	shoot a basket	shoot a movie
slowcoach	N	7-2	in England they call a slowpoke a slowcoach	Hey you slowcoaches in the back ! Get a move on !
flip	V	3-0	You need to flip the pancake onto the other side .	flip over the pork chop
language	N	3-3	The gift of language	he taught foreign languages
head	N	5-9	tickets are $ 5 per head	Be careful when you pet that dog on the head ; it may bite .
break	N	4-7	we took a 10-minute break	Let 's take a five - minute break .
check	V	1-1	Please check each name on the list	She checked for an instant and missed a step
cover	V	0-0	cover the grave with flowers	cover her face with a handkerchief
home	N	0-7	home is where the heart is	he grew up in a good Christian home
go	V	5-2	It 's your turn ; go .	The gun went ` bang '
hold	V	0-2	hold your temper	The canteen holds fresh water
game	N	7-6	he thought of his painting as a game that filled his empty time	his life was all fun and games
hold	V	4-1	A crazy idea took hold of him	I hold him personally responsible
performance	N	3-5	they admired his performance under stress	they listened to ten different performances
hold	V	2-3	He can hold his liquor	This theory still holds
cut	N	2-6	the unkindest cut of all	the barber gave him a good cut
carry	V	1-5	We carry a very large mortgage	She lost the game but carried the match
head	N	1-3	the head of the stairs	She gave great head .
statement	N	4-4	his tantrums are a statement of his need for attention	a Cadillac makes a statement about who you are
approach	V	2-2	Do n't approach that house .	We were approaching our destination
work	V	0-2	work stone into tools	This artist works mostly in acrylics
halt	V	0-0	halt the presses	Halt the engines
supplant	V	4-3	Will online dictionaries ever supplant paper dictionaries ?	the computer has supplanted the slide rule
size	N	11-3	I do n't think we have the red one in your size .	he wears a size 13 shoe
come	V	3-1	she could not come because she was too upset	Next came the student from France
fall	V	4-0	The hills around here fall towards the ocean	fall into a trap
see	V	3-4	I went to see my friend Mary the other day	This program will be seen all over the world
series	N	2-4	The harmonic series has been much studied .	they were investigating a series of bank robberies
make	V	0-1	make a mess in one 's office	He made a fool of himself at the meeting
treat	V	0-0	treat the lawn with chemicals	treat an oil spill
flight	N	4-1	I took the noon flight to Chicago	The flight to Paris leaves at 7 o'clock tonight
draw	V	1-3	To draw a memorial , a deed , or bill of exchange	The deed was drawn in the lawyer 's office
post	N	3-4	is there any post for me ?	she was opening her post
line	N	2-5	a washing line	he 's not in my line of business
apology	N	5-5	The CEO made a public apology for the scandal , and promised full cooperation with the authorities .	he wrote a letter of apology to the hostess
finish	N	7-5	he applied a coat of a clear finish	the boat had a metallic finish
work	V	7-2	this unpleasant situation is n't going to work itself out	The salesman works the Midwest
frequency	N	1-1	the frequency of modulation was 40 cycles per second	the frequency of his seizures increased as he grew older
resistance	N	1-1	Widespread resistance to the new urban development plans	The resistance of bacteria to certain antibiotics
life	N	13-5	Having experienced both , the vampire decided that he preferred ( un)death to life .	he appointed himself emperor for life
masquerade	N	1-5	That masquerade of misrepresentation which invariably accompanied the political eloquence of Rome - Thomas de Quincey	I was invited to the masquerade at their home .
seat	N	5-4	he was elected to a seat in the Senate	he dusted off the seat before sitting down
treat	V	0-9	treat the lawn with chemicals	Do n't worry about the expensive wine -- I'm treating
concern	N	6-9	Mark 's health was of great concern to Connie .     The recent events in London are of no concern to most people in Australia .	the safety of the ship is the captain 's concern
go	V	2-2	Let 's go this way for a while .	His money went on drink .
break	V	5-2	The book dealer would not break the set	Her voice broke to a whisper when she started to talk about her children
lead	N	9-4	we were just waiting for someone to take the lead	it was an amusing lead - in to a very serious matter
hand	N	6-5	I did n't hold a good hand all evening	objections were voiced on every hand
crystallize	V	3-2	He tried to crystallize his thoughts	My ideas crystallized overnight .
cut	V	0-8	cut a ticket	We had to lose weight , so we cut the sugar from our diet
piece	N	4-4	he designed a new piece of equipment	she bought a lovely piece of china
see	V	4-3	What message do you see in this letter ?	We had to see a psychiatrist
case	N	7-5	The teaching consists of theory lessons and case studies .	it may rain in which case the picnic will be canceled
rotation	N	9-8	the manager had only four starting pitchers in his rotation	The medical resident finished a two - week rotation in pediatrics and began one in orthopaedics .
cold	N	0-5	cold is a vasoconstrictor	come in out of the cold
canvas	N	5-7	the movie demanded a dramatic canvas of sound	the boxer picked himself up off the canvas
orbit	V	1-3	electrons orbit the nucleus	The planets are orbiting the sun
voice	N	5-2	Canst thou thunder with a voice like him ? — Job 40:9	the noisy voice of the waterfall
profile	N	2-2	a psychological profile of serial killers	a biochemical profile of blood
reflection	N	6-4	The dog barked at his own reflection in the mirror .	the pulse is a reflection of the heart 's condition
tear	N	3-3	Ryan wiped the tear from the paper he was crying on .	his story brought tears to her eyes
vicinity	N	6-5	There is a hurricane in the vicinity of the Bahamas .	the plane crashed in the vicinity of Asheville
shock	N	4-8	he was numb with shock	the old car needed a new set of shocks
school	N	1-2	the school keeps parents informed	the whole school turned out for the game
back	V	13-2	The train backed into the station ;    the horse refuses to back	the wind backed
line	N	4-2	he has a smooth line but I did n't fall for it	toe the line
chain	N	1-1	the chain of command	A chain of mountains
carry	V	3-7	This land will carry ten cows to the acre	the dog was taught to fetch and carry
seek	V	0-0	seek happiness	seek a position
order	N	3-6	IBM received an order for a hundred computers	the machine is now in working order
carry	V	1-3	To carry the war from Greece into Asia	This land will carry ten cows to the acre
rock	N	3-5	he threw a rock at me	Some fool has thrown a rock through my window .
clear	V	0-0	clear the water before it can be drunk	clear the patrons from the theater after the bomb threat
deep	N	2-2	in the deep of night	in the deep of winter
have	V	1-1	They have two more years before they retire	I have two years left
unemployment	N	0-3	unemployment is a serious social evil	the rate of unemployment is an indicator of the health of an economy
ping	V	0-2	ping your machine in the office	The bugs pinged the lamp shade
cut	N	4-2	he took a vicious cut at the ball	the unkindest cut of all
whisk	V	4-0	The chef prepared to whisk the egg whites for the angel 's food cake .	whisk the eggs
give	V	4-3	I 'm going to give my wife a necklace for her birthday .	What will you give her for her birthday ?
park	V	0-0	park the car in the yard	park your bag in this locker
work	V	0-3	work one 's way through the crowd	The rock musician worked the crowd of young girls into a frenzy
line	N	5-2	Please speak up , the line is very faint .	A dedicated line
locate	V	7-2	Our sense of sight enables us to locate objects in space	Can you locate your cousins in the Midwest ?
carry	V	1-2	We carry a very large mortgage	The troops carried the town after a brief fight
reading	N	1-5	A reading of the current situation .	he was famous for his reading of Mozart
read	V	1-3	She read the sky and predicted rain	I ca n't read his strange behavior
keep	V	0-2	keep appointments	she never keeps her promises
crack	V	1-1	To crack a whip	Registrations cracked through the 30,000 mark in the county
play	V	5-1	Play football ;    play sports ;    play games	Pele played for the Brazilian teams in many important matches
stage	N	6-7	then we embarked on the second stage of our Caribbean cruise	we went out of town together by stage about ten or twelve miles
texture	N	5-7	the wall had a smooth texture	The beans had a grainy , gritty texture in her mouth .
cuddle	V	10-1	I 'm cold ; can you roll over here and cuddle me , honey ?	I cuddled the baby
last	N	3-4	he was the last to leave	he finished an inglorious last
strike	V	0-2	strike ` z ' on the keyboard	her comments struck a sour note
case	N	7-2	The teaching consists of theory lessons and case studies .	A door case ; a window case
leak	N	6-1	he had to clean up the leak	A leak in a boat
leak	N	6-1	he had to clean up the leak	A leak in a roof
head	N	1-1	The head of the compass needle is pointing due north .	a head of cauliflower
stay	V	0-2	stay alone	The judge stayed the execution order
bum	N	4-9	That mechanic 's a bum - he could n't fix a yo - yo .	That guy keeps interrupting the concert . Throw the bum out !
head	N	1-4	12 head of big cattle and 14 head of branded calves	he was at the head of the column
call	V	0-1	call a football game	bluejays called to one another
come	V	0-0	come into the room	Come with me to the Casbah
boy	N	3-4	she made the boy brush his teeth every night	most soldiers are only boys in uniform
grain	N	1-1	A grain of salt	a grain of sand
touch	N	5-10	this dish could use a touch of garlic	With the lights out , she had to rely on touch to find her desk .
get	V	3-2	What do you get when you add up these numbers ?	Let 's get down to work now
face	N	1-1	the face of the city is changing	The face of this company .
cut	V	0-1	cut the songs	She cut all of her major titles again
answer	V	5-2	She did n't want to answer	This may answer her needs
touch	V	3-8	The two buildings touch	Are you all right ? You 've hardly touched your lunch .
escape	N	5-4	they tried to stop the escape of gas from the damaged pipe	The prisoners made their escape by digging a tunnel .
head	N	1-10	The head of the compass needle is pointing due north .	Pour me a fresh beer ; this one has no head .
system	N	3-1	in a static system oil can not be replaced by water on a surface	the system consists of a motor and a small computer
make	V	6-1	One swallow does not a summer make	Clothes make the man
stretch	V	1-2	Cats stretch with equal ease and agility beyond the point that breaks a man on the rack .	I always stretch my muscles before exercising .
roll	N	1-2	The roll of a ball	Calculate the roll of that aircraft .
whisk	V	0-4	whisk the eggs	The chef prepared to whisk the egg whites for the angel 's food cake .
krona	N	8-1	Kronas kurss — the exchange rate of the krona	Papīra krona — paper krona ( i.e. , bills , banknotes )
day	N	4-3	it should arrive any day now	those were the days
serve	V	1-2	They serve a restricted role on the bench .	He had served in financial planning positions .
break	V	2-2	Let 's break for lunch .	She finally broke herself of smoking cigarettes
go	V	5-10	These luxuries all had to go under the Khmer Rouge	This violinist is as good as Juilliard - trained violinists go
work	V	4-3	Do you want to work after the age of 60 ?	My wife never worked
run	V	6-0	My computer is too old to run the new OS .	Run the dishwasher
strike	V	2-2	We will strike a medal in your honour .	The boxer struck the attacker dead
pay	V	0-2	pay a call	You 'll pay for this !
tolerate	V	13-3	I like the way he plays the guitar , but I ca n't tolerate his voice when he sings .	he learned to tolerate the heat
time	N	3-1	See you another time ;    that 's three times he 's made the same mistake	this time he succeeded
have	V	3-1	I do n't have any money left	I have two years left
air	N	6-6	There was a tension in the air which made me suspect an approaching storm .	a smell of chemicals in the air
burn	V	4-2	He watched the house burn .	The sun burned his face
keep	V	0-1	keep food for a week in the pantry	We kept the work going as long as we could
enormity	N	5-3	in careful usage the noun enormity is not used to express the idea of great size	universities recognized the enormity of their task
give	V	1-1	I give you two minutes to respond	I gave my coat to the beggar .
end	N	10-5	the so - called glorious experiment came to an inglorious end	he came to a bad end
howl	N	3-0	he gave a howl of pain	howls of laughter
point	V	0-0	point a chimney	point the letter
surgery	N	5-8	I dropped in on the surgery as I was passing to show the doctor my hemorrhoids .	he read the warning in the doctor 's surgery
dish	N	4-4	marriage was scarcely his dish	she prepared a special dish for dinner
degree	N	6-10	A right angle is a ninety degree angle .	Most humans have a field of vision of almost 180 degrees .
image	N	5-1	The number 6 is the image of 3 under f that is defined as f(x ) = 2*x .	the image of f(x ) = x^2 is the set of all non - negative real numbers if the domain of the function is the set of all real numbers
remission	N	4-4	his cancer is in remission	Her cancer was in remission .
application	N	1-1	the application of indexes to tables of data	the application of maximum thrust
day	N	1-4	my day began early this morning	she called it a day and went to bed
lay	V	1-4	To lay a tax on land	This hen does n't lay
make	V	1-0	To make like a deer caught in the headlights .	make revolution
question	N	1-3	the question of disease merits serious discussion	There was a question of which material to use .
line	N	5-12	I ca n't follow your line of reasoning	The answer to the comprehension question can be found in the third line of the accompanying text .
quarrel	N	5-3	We got into a silly quarrel about what food to order .	they had a quarrel
support	N	6-6	the president no longer has the support of his own party	they developed a scheme of mutual support
grade	N	4-0	He got a good grade on the test .	grade A milk
spell	V	13-4	The letters “ a ” , “ n ” and “ d ” spell “ and ” .	I 'm afraid this spells trouble !
leave	V	0-5	leave your child the nurse 's care	At her death , she left behind her husband and 11 cats
tell	V	1-1	Please tell me how to do it .	I tell you that man is a crook !
softness	N	6-10	he attributes the disappointing results to softness in the economy	orders have recently picked up after a period of extreme softness
ball	N	1-1	the ball was already emptying out before the fire alarm sounded	the ball rolled into the corner pocket
turn	V	0-0	turn the flour onto a plate	turn your dance partner around
head	N	1-10	the head of the column advanced boldly	Pour me a fresh beer ; this one has no head .
comfort	N	4-10	his friendship was a comfort	a padded chair was one of the room 's few comforts
pay	V	3-2	She had to pay the penalty for speaking out rashly	You 'll pay for this opinion later
ball	N	6-1	the mayor threw out the first ball	the ball rolled into the corner pocket
reason	N	1-3	the reason a steady state was never reached was that the back pressure built up too slowly	Mankind should develop reason above all other virtues .
work	V	4-3	This dough does not work easily ;    the soft metal works well	My wife never worked
fall	V	0-0	fall into a strange way of thinking	fall by the wayside
air	N	6-7	a smell of chemicals in the air	The flock of birds took to the air .
go	V	4-5	How does this song go again ?	These ugly billboards have to go !
part	N	3-4	she played the part of Desdemona	We all have a part to play .
remove	V	0-1	remove a threat	Doug removed the smudges .
feeder	N	2-2	a mud feeder	a bark feeder
session	N	6-2	" Are we having a recording session ? " / " Yes . We 've even got some session musicians to provide some brass . "	A training session
raise	V	0-0	raise hell	raise Cain
make	V	0-1	make up a room	She made ten points in that game .
ghetto	N	6-4	the relative security of the gay ghetto	no escape from the ghetto of the typing pool
give	V	0-1	give priority to	He gave his life for his children
range	N	6-5	We hiked through the Andes mountain range .	the valley was between two ranges of hills
place	V	4-1	They phoned hoping to place her in the management team .	I placed ten dollars on the Lakers beating the Bulls .
get	V	2-0	Let 's get down to work now	Get working as soon as the sun rises !
ensure	V	4-2	This nest egg will ensure a nice retirement for us	The circumstances ensured a good outcome for him .
cup	N	3-3	he drank a cup of coffee	he borrowed a cup of sugar
double	N	5-7	he could be Gingrich 's double	Saddam Hussein was rumored to have many doubles .
carry	V	2-3	These pipes carry waste water into the river	This train is carrying nuclear waste
carry	V	1-1	I carry her image in my mind 's eye	I carry a lot of life insurance
background	N	13-5	they got a bad connection and could hardly hear one another over the background signals	he posed her against a background of rolling hills
side	N	6-7	he had a pain in his side	The patient was bleeding on the right side .
get	V	3-0	What do you get when you add up these numbers ?	get someone mad
give	V	0-0	give the orders	Give him my best regards
body	N	1-1	a body of precedents	a body of law
follow	V	3-0	These people still follow the laws of their ancient religion	follow the road
make	V	0-6	make lead into gold	You have to spend money to make money !
look	N	5-5	I do n't like the look of the new design .	I do n't like the looks of this place
field	N	8-5	A crop circle was made in a corn field .	they are outstanding in their field
business	N	2-15	We do business all over the world .	He 's such a poor cook , I ca n't believe he 's still in business !
find	V	0-1	find the product of two numbers	She found the time and energy to take care of her aging parents
drive	V	0-0	drive the cows into the barn	drive the ball far out into the field
keep	V	0-0	keep my seat , please	keep my job for me while I give birth
action	N	2-2	the Union action of emancipating Southern slaves	recent federal action undermined the segregationist position
start	V	1-2	I start at eight in the morning	The rain started at 9:00 .
call	N	4-4	he placed a phone call to London	she reported several anonymous calls
break	V	6-0	I do n't know how to break this to you , but your cat is not coming back .	break off the negotiations
thing	N	4-1	it is a remarkable thing	this thing has got to end
furniture	N	2-4	How much furniture did they leave behind ?	they had too much furniture for the small apartment
make	V	0-1	make enemies	He made a fool of himself at the meeting
hold	V	0-2	hold your breath	He 's held by a contract
try	V	11-4	If you want to play varsity , you 'll have to try out for the team .	This approach has been tried with good results
take	V	2-3	Do you take sugar in your coffee ?	A reading was taken of the earth 's tremors
life	N	3-0	while there 's life there 's hope	life depends on many chemical and physical processes
make	V	0-2	make lead into gold	My wife made me buy a new sofa
light	N	2-8	Put that light out !	he stopped the car and turned off the lights
connect	V	4-3	The new railroad will connect the northern part of the state to the southern part .	This computer will connect well to the network .
chain	N	1-5	A chain of mountains	This led to an unfortunate chain of events .
cut	V	0-0	cut bourbon	Cut the engines when the plane comes to a halt !
know	V	1-6	I know that the President lied to the people	It is vital that he not know .    She knew of our plan .
mine	N	5-6	This diamond comes from a mine in South Africa .	He came out of the coal mine with a face covered in black .
safety	N	3-4	He ran to safety	Be sure that the safety is set before proceeding .
guard	V	0-0	guard against infection	guard against becoming too friendly with the staff
know	V	1-1	I know it 's time	He knows about 19th century politics .
translate	V	3-1	I have to translate when my in - laws from Austria visit the U.S.	Braque translated collage into oil
make	V	0-0	make a dress	make enemies
sport	N	2-2	a good sport	a poor sport
trade	N	7-3	they are accused of conspiring to constrain trade	they rode the trade winds going west
keep	V	0-1	keep count	She keeps a sixpack and a week 's worth of supplies in the refrigerator
blight	V	4-3	Too much rain may blight the garden with mold	This vine never blights .
key	N	1-1	The key to winning a game	the key to development is economic integration
shoot	V	0-0	shoot a goal	shoot a basket
side	N	9-4	he turned the box over to examine the bottom side	A cube has six sides .
push	V	2-1	` Now push hard , ' said the doctor to the woman	He pushed her to finish her doctorate
open	V	2-1	The bedrooms open into the hall	He opened the meeting with a long speech
key	N	1-1	The key to solving this problem is persistence .	the key to development is economic integration
develop	V	1-1	Please develop this roll of film for me	They developed a new technique
set	V	0-0	set these words in italics	Set the tray down
authority	N	6-2	She lost all her respect and authority after turning up drunk to the meeting .	Tennessee Valley Authority
make	V	3-2	This invention will make you a millionaire	This wool makes into a nice sweater
cut	V	0-5	cut a ticket	Cut orders ;    cut a check
convert	V	0-1	convert lead into gold	He converted his garden into a tennis court .
go	V	5-1	The washing machine wo n't go unless it 's plugged in	She went through a lot of trouble
flatten	V	14-0	As there was a lot of damage , we chose the heavy roller to flatten the pitch .	flatten your stomach with these exercises
remain	V	12-1	There was no food in the house , so I had to remain hungry .	There remains the question of who pulled the trigger
time	N	4-1	I did n't have time to finish	take time to smell the roses
break	V	0-0	break a circuit	break down a proof
forefront	N	6-6	That laboratory researches topics at the forefront of technology .	the Cotswolds were once at the forefront of woollen manufacturing in England
raise	V	0-0	raise a smile	Raise your hands
go	V	4-2	His knowledge does n't go very far	This property goes all the way to the state line .
channelize	V	0-0	channelize a stream	channelize the country for better transportation
experience	N	3-3	he recalled the experience vividly	It was an experience he would not soon forget .
see	V	3-2	I want to see results	Could you see about lunch ?
make	V	1-1	Clothes make the man	This makes the third infraction
par	N	7-0	He needs to make this shot for par .	par for this course is 72
sectarianism	N	3-3	he condemned religious sectarianism	They were discussing sectarianism between Shias and Sunnis .
set	V	0-1	set the table	To set glass in a sash
hold	V	0-4	hold your temper	The illegal immigrants were held at a detention center
queen	N	1-3	the queen of ocean liners	Paris is the queen of cities
run	N	3-6	I have a run in my stocking .	The bus on the Cherry Street run is always crowded .
language	N	1-3	the language introduced is standard throughout the text	he taught foreign languages
audience	N	4-4	every artist needs an audience	the broadcast reached an audience of millions
know	V	2-1	Do you know my sister ?	We know this movie
get	V	3-1	You need to get permission to leave early .	He got 5 years in prison
touch	N	3-5	he has a touch of rheumatism	this piano has a wonderful touch
use	N	4-5	he warned against the use of narcotic drugs	ballet is beautiful but what use is it ?
place	N	3-5	he lost his place on the page	a political system with no place for the less prominent groups
tell	V	1-1	Please tell me how to do it .	Ellen told Helen about the situation .
head	N	1-4	the head of the column advanced boldly	they were at the head of the attack
voice	N	6-3	After the fire a still small voice . — 1 Kings 19:12	conservatism has many voices
shake	V	0-2	shake one 's head	He was shaken from his dreams
quality	N	10-14	Membership of this golf club is limited to those of quality and wealth .	While being impulsive can be great for artists , it is not a desirable quality for engineers .
trust	V	2-1	do n't trust my ex - wife	I trust you will behave better from now on
time	N	1-4	this time he succeeded	When was the last time we went out ? I do n't remember .
remove	V	0-1	remove a threat	Doug removed the smudges from the tabletop .
give	V	0-0	give priority to	Give bond
serve	V	1-2	We serve meals for the homeless	The entertainers served up a lively show
break	V	2-1	Nobody can break out -- this prison is high security	They broke into my car and stole my radio !
block	V	0-0	block a muscle	block trains
hit	V	3-1	The temperature could hit 110 F tomorrow .	I hit the jackpot .
catch	N	2-5	he played catch with his son in the backyard	The kids love to play catch .
cycle	N	4-1	the never - ending cycle of the seasons	The cycle of the seasons , or of the year
book	N	5-7	I am reading a good book on economics	they got a subpoena to examine our books
come	V	0-1	come out of the closet !	He came from France .
tendency	N	3-3	fabric with a tendency to shrink	Denim has a tendency to fade .
carry	V	3-7	He can not carry a tune	he had drunk more than he could carry
break	V	0-3	break a record	I had to break a $ 100 bill just to buy the candy
path	N	6-5	the hurricane demolished houses in its path	genius usually follows a revolutionary path
wash	V	9-3	The car is so dirty , we need to wash it .	The swollen river washed away the footbridge
patch	N	3-16	Does n't that patch of clouds looks like a bunny ?	The storms last summer washed away parts of the road so we can expect some rough patches up ahead .
support	N	6-6	he applied to the state for support	they developed a scheme of mutual support
break	V	8-1	My daughter 's fancy wedding is going to break me !	Voices broke in the air
head	N	4-1	matters came to a head yesterday	200 head of cattle and 50 head of horses
call	V	4-4	Take two aspirin and call me in the morning	Why do n't you call me in the morning ?     Why do n't you call tomorrow ?
third	N	3-6	He ate a third of the pie . Divided by two - thirds .	a simple harmony written in major thirds
lot	N	3-0	has a happy lot	lots of people think so
carry	V	0-1	carry too far	He carried himself upright
take	V	0-0	take shelter from the storm	Take a test
scene	N	5-3	the police returned to the scene of the crime	he made a scene
head	N	5-1	the beer had a large head of foam	the head of the nail " , " a pinhead is the head of a pin
block	N	9-5	The store is huge , occupying an entire city block .	he lives in the next block
take	V	0-4	take a scene	This surface will not take the dye
head	N	1-7	a head of steam	We will consider performance issues under the head of future improvements .
treat	V	4-4	She was tempted to treat the whole affair as a joke .	The patient must be treated right away or she will die
habit	N	4-3	It 's become a habit of mine to have a cup of coffee after dinner .	it was their habit to dine at 7 every evening
containment	N	1-1	the containment of the AIDS epidemic	the containment of the rebellion
play	V	0-1	play it safe	He plays the flute
stay	V	1-9	To stay a flat sheet in a steam boiler	After the trial period , she was asked to stay on and work full - time .
hold	V	1-2	I hold him personally responsible	The bridge held
richness	N	6-1	the fire - light gave a richness of coloring to that side of the room	the richness all around unsettled him for he had expected to find poverty
habit	N	3-4	she had a habit twirling the ends of her hair	a shrub of spreading habit
pain	N	5-5	Your mother is a right pain .	that kid is a terrible pain
smile	N	4-5	He always puts a smile on my face .	She 's got a perfect smile .
sport	N	2-2	a poor sport	a good sport
pay	V	3-1	Crime does n't pay ;     it will pay to wait	He paid me 5000 pounds for the car .
make	V	3-0	This invention will make you a millionaire	Make yourself clear
puncture	V	0-2	puncture a tire	The tire punctured
score	N	3-1	he studied the score of the sonata	a score were sent out but only one returned
formation	N	1-2	the formation of sentences	a defensive formation
execute	V	1-2	To execute a difficult piece of music brilliantly	the skater executed a triple pirouette
work	V	3-0	I can not work a miracle .	Work out your problems with the boss
pay	V	0-0	pay an obligation	pay a debt
explosion	N	1-1	the explosion was heard a mile away	an explosion of rage
make	V	4-1	How much do you make a month in your new job ?	She makes more than he does , and works longer hours than he does , but she still does most of the house - cleaning .
session	N	2-6	A training session	" Are we having a recording session ? " / " Yes . We 've even got some session musicians to provide some brass . "
impact	N	5-6	the book had an important impact on my thinking	His friend 's opinion had an impact on his decision .
dress	V	3-1	we had to dress quickly	Marlene dressed the baby .
run	N	2-4	a daily run of 100,000 gallons of paint	Yesterday we did a run of 12,000 units .
unit	N	1-4	a unit of wheat is a bushel	The centimetre is a unit of length .
drop	V	0-2	drop a hint	The light dropped from the ceiling
shift	V	4-0	We 'll have to shift these boxes to the downtown office .	shift the emphasis
sum	N	4-2	he borrowed a large sum	A tidy sum
make	V	0-5	make a decision	Again , the cat had made on the expensive rug
hit	V	1-1	We hit Detroit at one in the morning but kept driving through the night .	He hit a home run
break	V	0-0	break the code	break a lucky streak
slip	N	8-3	She could n't hurt a fly , young slip of a girl that she is .	he blamed his slip on the ice
catch	V	6-0	We have a big barrel to catch the rainwater	catch the mood
make	V	0-2	make merry	He will make a fine father
go	V	5-2	The washing machine wo n't go unless it 's plugged in	The day went well until I got your call
cure	V	0-0	cure resin	cure cement
take	V	0-0	take an opportunity	take sick
have	V	5-1	How many cars does she have ?	I have two sisters .
touch	N	10-3	With the lights out , she had to rely on touch to find her desk .	only sight and touch enable us to locate objects in the space around us
mine	N	5-9	This diamond comes from a mine in South Africa .	Most coal and ore comes from open - pit mines nowadays .
work	V	5-2	This old radio does n't work anymore	I will work hard to improve my grades
power	N	1-2	the power of his love saved her	the deterrent power of nuclear weapons
carry	V	4-2	this land does not carry olives	The senator carried his home state
persuasion	N	5-3	I am not of your persuasion	It is his persuasion that abortion should never be condoned .
order	N	5-12	I gave the waiter my order	the company 's products were in such demand that they got more orders than their call center could handle
make	V	0-2	make a move	We barely made it to the finish line
set	N	1-1	a set of books	a set of teeth
silence	N	3-4	he gestured for silence	there was a shocked silence
empathize	V	5-4	You 've really got to empathize with what they want .	You really have to empathize .
lock	V	10-2	The therapist noticed that the patient 's knees tended to lock in this exercise	The parents locked her daughter up for the weekend
get	V	2-3	Let 's get down to work now	You can not get water out of a stone
make	V	0-0	make clay into bricks	make a fire
difference	N	5-8	his support made a real difference	It just wo n't make much of a difference to anyone .
play	V	0-1	play with her feelings	He plays on three teams ;    who 's playing now ?
run	V	0-2	run a subject	Musical talent runs in the family
play	V	2-0	I 'll play you my favorite record	play with her feelings
clean	V	0-0	clean grain before milling it	Clean the spots off the rug
break	V	3-2	Did you two break the trolley by racing with it ?	The horses broke from the stable
stop	V	4-2	Soon the rain will stop .	The riots stopped when police moved in .
charge	N	1-1	his charge was deliver a message	the charges against the estate
beat	V	1-1	We beat the competition	Agassi beat Becker in the tennis championship
split	N	6-8	he inserted the wedge into a split in the log	they announced a two - for - one split of the common stock
move	V	1-1	To move in a matter	She moved the queen closer to the centre of the board .
bit	N	1-7	a bit of lint	the horse was not accustomed to a bit
shot	N	6-6	I caught him with a solid shot to the chin	he is still recovering from a shot to his leg
key	N	1-4	The key to winning a game	they were carrying two keys of heroin
come	V	0-3	come into contact with a terrorist group	your wish will come true
draft	N	4-7	they served beer on draft	He left the country to avoid the draft .
live	V	2-1	Can you live on $ 2000 a month in New York City ?	I lived through two divorces
extend	V	0-2	extend a hand	My land extends over the hills on the horizon
tolerate	V	3-13	he learned to tolerate the heat	I like the way he plays the guitar , but I ca n't tolerate his voice when he sings .
development	N	1-2	the development of his ideas took many years	the slow development of her skill as a writer
hit	V	1-1	We hit Detroit by noon	Jones hit for the pitcher .
class	N	15-1	Apologizing for losing your temper , even though you were badly provoked , showed real class .	the class of ' 97
hegemony	N	12-7	to say they have priority is not to say they have complete hegemony	the consolidation of the United States ' hegemony over a new international economic system
come	V	0-2	come out of the closet !	The bill came to $ 2,000
draw	V	0-4	draw a conclusion	He spent the day drawing in the garden
line	N	4-3	he got out of line	drop me a line when you get there
rub	V	0-1	rub my hands	I rubbed the cloth over the glass .
cut	V	0-0	cut a dress	cut grain
grain	N	1-1	A grain of salt	A grain of sand
time	N	4-4	they had a good time together	We had a wonderful time at the party .
deal	N	5-7	We need to finalise the deal with Henderson by midnight .	he 's a master of the business deal
run	V	0-2	run a process	he is running the Marathon this year
hand	N	2-1	a ranch hand	Her hands are really strong .
come	V	0-8	come into the room	I was standing on the corner when Nick came up and asked for a cigarette .
sense	N	1-1	A sense of security	a sense of self
make	V	3-0	They hope to make a bigger profit	make a fire
mystery	N	6-7	how it got out is a mystery	The truth behind the events remains a mystery .
draw	V	0-1	draw on a cigarette	She drew $ 2,000 from the account
top	N	3-5	he removed the top of the carton	the mower cuts off the tops of the grass
be	V	2-2	I shall be writing to you soon .	The sky is blue .
do	V	3-0	What makes her do this way ?	Do my room in blue
line	N	12-2	` let me show you my etchings ' is a rather worn line	a nice line of shoes
snap	V	0-1	snap your fingers	To snap a whip
make	V	1-0	I make the height about 100 feet	make water into wine
extract	V	0-0	extract information from the telegram	extract a bad tooth
reading	N	3-5	he bought some reading material at the airport	he has a job meter reading for the gas company
go	V	4-2	How does this song go again ?	Messages must go through diplomatic channels
catch	V	2-3	did you catch that allusion ?	I have to catch a train at 7 o'clock
make	V	2-1	He will make a fine father	He makes a great host
overkill	N	12-11	Should I give you yet more homework , or would that be overkill ?	24 hours of TV coverage of the US election verged on overkill .
raise	V	0-6	raise a family	We visited a farm where they raise chickens .
run	V	2-2	Do n't run that software unless you have permission . '	The book runs 655 pages .
fire	N	0-4	fire was one of our ancestors ' first discoveries	We sat around the fire singing songs and telling stories .
charge	V	1-3	To charge high for goods	Will I get charged for this service ?
coast	N	2-6	The rocky coast of Maine has few beaches .	the children lined up for a coast down the snowy slope
hand	N	3-1	on the one hand ... , but on the other hand ...	all hands on deck
stretch	V	0-2	stretch out that piece of cloth	I always stretch my muscles before exercising .
furniture	N	3-6	A chair is furniture . Sofas are also furniture .	there was only one piece of furniture in the room
bankruptcy	N	1-1	intellectual bankruptcy	spiritual bankruptcy
spill	V	0-3	spill the milk	The former employee spilled all the details
view	N	5-6	they were soon out of view	consider what follows from the positivist view
point	N	3-2	get to the point	at that point I had to leave
go	V	10-5	This violinist is as good as Juilliard - trained violinists go	It 's your turn ; go .
have	V	3-1	Look what I have here — a frog I found on the street !	He had a cold last week .
hold	V	1-0	I hold to these ideas	hold your tongue
see	V	7-1	He is blind -- he can not see	I saw him laughing .
form	N	3-9	sculpture is a form of art	To apply for the position , complete the application form .
mean	V	9-9	The sky is red this morning — does that mean we 're in for a storm ?	I 'm afraid I do n't understand what you mean .
take	V	0-1	take a scene	He took to visiting bars
formation	N	2-1	a defensive formation	a formation of planes
age	N	5-2	we live in a litigious age	The Bronze Age was followed by the Iron Age ;    the Tithonian Age was the last in the Late Jurassic epoch
fatigue	N	5-5	the soldiers were put on fatigue to teach them a lesson	they were assigned to kitchen fatigues
mean	V	5-1	You never understand what I mean !	I mean to go to Baddeck this summer .
shock	N	8-5	loss of blood is an important cause of shock	electricians get accustomed to occasional shocks
sophisticate	V	11-3	Yet Butler professes to stick to plain facts , not to sophisticate , not to refine . — M. Arnold .	Their manners had sophisticated the young girls
flap	N	4-1	he wrote on the flap of the envelope	The flap of a sail ;    the flap of a wing
plug	V	0-3	plug the wall	He attempted to plug the leaks with some caulk .
guard	V	0-0	guard against becoming too friendly with the staff	guard against infection
begin	V	0-2	begin a cigar	My property begins with the three maple trees
give	V	0-2	give the orders	Can I give you my keys while I go in the pool ?
take	V	0-0	take action	take steps
tease	V	0-2	tease wool	The children teased the new teacher
movement	N	2-7	The labor movement has been struggling in America since the passage of the Taft - Hartley act in 1947 .	he was a charter member of the movement
give	V	2-1	I 'll give you three books for four CDs	She gave the boy a good spanking
operation	N	2-5	a multinational operation	a large - scale farming operation
correct	V	4-0	engineers will work to correct the effects or air resistance	Correct the mistakes
call	V	4-3	Take two aspirin and call me in the morning	The ship will call in Honolulu tomorrow
precede	V	2-1	Stone tools precede bronze tools	Bill preceded John in the long line of Susan 's husbands
slot	N	5-4	he followed the deer 's slot over the soft turf to the edge of the trees	the PC had three slots for additional memory
krona	N	4-8	Piecas kronas — five krona	Kronas kurss — the exchange rate of the krona
make	V	0-0	make an effort	make a move
think	V	1-1	I think he is very smart	I think that he is her boyfriend
play	N	4-5	there was too much play in the steering wheel	the coach drew up the plays for her team
know	V	1-2	I know him under a different name	Do you know my sister ?
shape	V	0-0	shape the dough	shape a figure
make	V	0-0	make an effort	make revolution
breath	N	3-4	The child 's breath came quickly and unevenly .	he took a deep breath and dived into the pool
call	V	3-6	The ship will call in Honolulu tomorrow	A transmitter in Samoa was heard calling
play	V	0-0	play with her feelings	Play cowboy and Indians
head	N	2-3	under the head of minor Roman poets	They shot 20 head of quail
scale	N	1-7	the scale of the model	The Holocaust was insanity on an enormous scale .
rotation	N	1-8	crop rotation makes a balanced demand on the fertility of the soil	The medical resident finished a two - week rotation in pediatrics and began one in orthopaedics .
sex	N	10-2	( The believers ... those ... ) who abstain from sex	they had sex in the back seat
support	N	6-3	the president no longer has the support of his own party	The government provides support to the arts in several ways .
system	N	5-1	he tried to understand their system of classification	the system consists of a motor and a small computer
break	V	0-2	break an alibi	The dam broke
admit	V	1-3	To admit evidence in the trial of a cause	We can not admit non - members into our club building
turn	V	0-1	turn the clay on the wheel	She turned to her relatives for help
wall	N	1-1	the wall followed the road	stomach walls
round	N	4-4	They brought us a round of drinks about every thirty minutes .	he ordered a second round
rest	N	6-7	I need to get a good rest tonight ; I was up late last night .	the gun was steadied on a special rest
wreck	N	8-4	thanks to that quack I am a human wreck	the house was a wreck when they bought it
crack	V	1-6	To crack a whip	The performance was fine until he cracked that dead baby joke .
fatigue	N	5-5	he was hospitalized for extreme fatigue	he was suffering from museum fatigue
come	V	1-1	Melons come from a vine	Understanding comes from experience
score	N	4-1	add it to my score and I 'll settle later	a score were sent out but only one returned
work	V	0-4	work the raisins into the dough	Do you want to work after the age of 60 ?
play	V	4-1	This speech did n't play well with the American public	I played no role in your dismissal
catch	V	0-2	catch the mood	do n't catch your meaning
plug	V	3-0	He attempted to plug the leaks with some caulk .	plug the hole
admit	V	1-1	To admit a serious thought into the mind	To admit evidence in the trial of a cause
fall	V	4-1	We must stand or fall	They fell out of favor
wallah	N	2-2	the book wallah	a kitchen wallah
fall	V	0-2	fall into a category	silly phrases fell from her mouth
drag	V	2-0	do n't drag me into this business	drag this icon to the lower right hand corner of the screen
school	N	2-8	stay after school	he did n't miss a single day of school
song	N	5-9	Thomas listened to his favorite song on the radio yesterday .	a successful musical must have at least three good songs
normalize	V	9-0	There is little hope that the two countries will normalize relations ; their governments seem to hate each other and would just as soon stay on bad terms .	normalize the spelling
blow	V	1-0	To blow a horse	Blow now !
reaction	N	2-12	a bad reaction to the medicine	When I last tried to eat strawberries I had a terrible allergic reaction .
ministry	N	2-5	The present ministry of the Holy Spirit	he is studying for the ministry
take	V	3-3	How should I take this message ?	You ca n't take credit for this !
admit	V	1-1	To admit a serious thought into the mind	She admitted us .
head	N	4-1	matters came to a head yesterday	the head of the column advanced boldly
charge	N	4-4	The child was a charge of the nanny .	the teacher led her charges across the street
area	N	1-3	the area of a rectangle	the spacious cooking area provided plenty of room for servants
stay	V	0-4	stay alone	After graduation , she stayed on in Cambridge as a student adviser
sense	N	1-5	Common sense is not so common	fortunately she had the good sense to run away
play	V	2-0	Let 's play like I am mommy	Play cowboy and Indians
grain	N	5-1	he does not have a grain of sense	a grain of sand
treatment	N	1-11	A treatment or cure is applied after a medical problem has already started .	The change is due largely to the increased availability of antiretroviral treatment .
pound	V	0-3	pound the roots with a heavy flat stone	My heart is pounding .
break	V	5-1	The book dealer would not break the set	he broke the news to her
stick	N	1-1	a stick of dynamite	cinnamon sticks
damage	N	4-4	how much is the damage ?	" What 's the damage ? " he asked the waiter .
analyze	V	0-0	analyze a specimen	analyze a sentence
make	V	0-3	make a mistake	This invention will make you a millionaire
make	V	3-7	This invention will make you a millionaire	It was n't the problem some people made it
translate	V	4-1	The renowned director could translate experience to film with ease .	Braque translated collage into oil
head	N	1-1	200 head of cattle	the head of the humerus
communicate	V	2-12	Do you communicate well with your advisor ?	I feel I hardly know him ; I just wish he 'd communicate with me a little more .
go	V	6-1	How fast does your new car go ?	We went without water and food for 3 days
take	V	2-1	I 'll take a pound of that sausage	be taken drunk
take	V	0-2	take a risk	The story took a new turn
spring	N	6-0	You can visit me in the spring , when the weather is bearable .	Spring is the time of the year most species reproduce .
raise	V	0-1	raise a sad cry	To raise somebody to office
take	V	0-0	take action	Take a swipe at one 's opponent
catch	V	10-0	I would love to have dinner but I have to catch a plane .	catch one 's breath
play	V	0-1	play cards	He played with the idea of running for the Senate
play	V	0-0	play the casinos in Trouville	play the stock market
war	N	2-1	a price war	a war of wits
break	V	0-0	break a lucky streak	break a branch from a tree
block	V	0-0	block the wheels of a car	Block his election
read	V	3-1	I ca n't read his strange behavior	She read the sky and predicted rain
part	N	2-3	the rear part of the house	glue the two parts together
run	N	4-4	He can have the run of the house .	the ship made its run in record time
drop	V	0-3	drop him from the Republican ticket	shop til you drop
disposition	N	4-3	a swelling with a disposition to rupture	Salt has a disposition to dissolve in water .
cut	V	1-1	Wayne cut	She cut the deck for a long time
make	V	0-1	make lead into gold	He made as if to punch him , but they both laughed and shook hands .
vault	N	9-7	The bank kept their money safe in a large vault .	Family members had been buried in the vault for centuries .
strike	V	0-2	strike coins	A bullet struck him .
use	V	2-0	We can use this mathematical formula to solve the problem .	use your head !
cut	N	3-4	everyone got a cut of the earnings	The lawyer took a cut of the profits .
carry	V	4-2	this land does not carry olives	These bonds carry warrants
side	N	6-2	they always sat on the right side of the church	the Confederate side was prepared to attack
swimsuit	N	15-3	Jade refused to go swimming with her brother until he helped her find her favorite swimsuit .	Put on your swimsuit and let 's go for a swim .
impression	N	4-5	he made a good impression	I wanted to create an impression of success
border	N	2-1	A solid border around a table of figures	The border between Canada and USA is the longest in the world .
shame	N	3-13	one mistake brought shame to all his family	When I realized that I had hurt my friend , I felt deep shame .
stopover	N	3-3	they made a stopover to visit their friends	there is a stopover to change planes in Chicago
come	V	2-0	The sleeves come to your knuckles	come into the room
strike	V	1-0	Please strike this remark from the record	strike a pose
make	V	0-0	make advances	make a phone call
word	N	4-3	I give you my word that I will be there on time .	he gave his word
quarter	N	3-6	it 's a quarter til 4	the wind is coming from that quarter
chain	N	1-5	the chain of command	This led to an unfortunate chain of events .
draw	V	7-2	A ship 's sail is said to draw when it is filled with wind .	The nurse drew blood
now	N	6-5	There is no better time than now .	it worked up to right now
commission	N	5-4	the motor was out of commission	put the ships into commission
spend	V	0-1	spend money	I spent the time on worrying about the future .
despite	N	1-5	the despite in which outsiders were held is legendary	she wanted neither favor nor despite
make	V	6-2	You have to spend money to make money !	He will make a splendid father !
job	N	8-1	estimates of the city 's loss on that job ranged as high as a million dollars	the job of repairing the engine took several hours
bit	N	7-1	the horse was not accustomed to a bit	a bit of lint
wander	V	1-1	To wander over the fields	the wandering Jew
land	V	2-4	this may land you in jail	Use the net to land the fish .
length	N	3-1	he determined the length of the shortest line segment joining the two points	a length of tubing
fall	V	0-1	fall by the wayside	Christmas falls on a Monday this year
divinity	N	5-1	ancient Egyptians believed in the divinity of the Pharaohs	Harvard Divinity School has been teaching theology since 1636 .
raise	V	1-0	To raise your hand if you want to say something ; to raise your walking stick to defend yourself	raise a shout
snorter	N	6-5	The maths problem is a real snorter , is n't it ?	The batsman succumbed to a snorter of short balls from the bowler and nicked a thin edge to the keeper .
make	V	3-1	four and four make eight	They made nice together , as if their fight never happened .
carry	V	1-2	I carry these thoughts in the back of my head	This paper carries a restaurant review
make	V	0-2	make an effort	He will make a splendid father !
title	N	2-1	A good title to an estate , or an imperfect title	his title to fame
cover	V	8-2	When the pot comes to a boil , cover it and reduce the heat to medium .	The caravan covered almost 100 miles each day
start	V	1-0	To start a stream of water ;    to start a rumour ;    to start a business	start a new job
quality	N	14-1	While being impulsive can be great for artists , it is not a desirable quality for engineers .	the quality of mercy is not strained "-- Shakespeare
break	V	10-1	If the vase falls to the floor , it might break .	Twigs break off of those branches easily .
analyze	V	0-0	analyze a sentence	analyze a chemical compound
rank	N	6-5	his salary was determined by his rank and seniority	the entrance was guarded by ranks of policemen
draw	V	0-1	draw parallels	I draw a line here
erase	V	1-2	Please erase the formula on the blackboard -- it is wrong !	The Turks erased the Armenians in 1915
fire	N	4-5	barbecue over an open fire	put the kettle on the fire
run	V	0-2	run a process	Interest rates run from 5 to 10 percent
course	N	1-5	the course of the river	the government took a firm course
turn	V	0-3	turn the flour onto a plate	The cream has turned -- we have to throw it out
count	V	2-5	Can you count the books on your shelf ?	There are three apples ; count them .
beat	V	0-0	beat the subway fare	beat the table with his shoe
draw	V	0-0	draw the curtains	draw a conclusion
remember	V	2-3	Do you remember that he once loved you ?	I ca n't remember saying any such thing
vote	N	11-4	The Supreme Court upheld the principle of one person , one vote .	they allowed just one vote per person
take	V	1-0	We take all major credit cards .	take a pulse
cut	V	0-2	cut a disk	The boat cut the water
run	N	3-2	she got a run in her stocking	his daily run keeps him fit
run	V	0-1	run a subject	She ran 10 miles that day
rest	V	0-4	rest assured	The blame seems to rest with your father .
land	V	5-2	It can be tricky to land a helicopter .	this may land you in jail
take	V	0-0	take vengeance	take action
raise	V	0-0	raise my salary	raise a mutiny
leave	N	4-3	a ten day 's leave to visit his mother	she was granted leave to speak
sense	N	1-5	Common sense is not so common	he has n't got the sense God gave little green apples
education	N	4-8	he received no formal education	A good teacher is essential for a good education .
check	V	0-0	check the time of the class	Check the oil in your car once a month .
strike	V	0-1	strike a medal	she struck her head on the low ceiling
make	V	0-0	make a wall of stones	make an effort
term	N	7-1	he left school before the end of term	The term allowed to a debtor to discharge his debt
head	N	5-1	they say he gives good head	the head of the list
admit	V	3-1	We can not admit non - members into our club building	To admit a serious thought into the mind
place	N	4-3	He comes from a place near Chicago	he lost his place on the page
take	V	1-0	We take the Times every day	take action
life	N	3-6	while there 's life there 's hope	I have known him all his life
heart	N	3-5	he drew a heart and called it a valentine	he had a change of heart
key	N	1-1	The key to winning a game	The key to solving this problem is persistence .
give	V	0-0	give a divorce	give one 's opinion
work	N	6-8	he was indebted to the pioneering work of John Dewey	mastering a second language requires a lot of work
life	N	5-13	the battery had a short life	Having experienced both , the vampire decided that he preferred ( un)death to life .
spring	N	8-6	the emerging buds were a sure sign of spring	he will hold office until the spring of next year
vegetate	V	2-3	The fields vegetate vigorously	The bacterial growth vegetated along
cover	N	5-2	There 's a $ 15 cover tonight .	artillery provided covering fire for the withdrawal
tone	N	5-5	he spoke in a nervous tone of voice	he began in a conversational tone
example	N	3-5	there is an example on page 10	this patient provides a typical example of the syndrome
develop	V	0-2	develop the rook	Well - developed breasts
connect	V	2-2	Can you connect the two loudspeakers ?	Our computers connected .
cut	V	0-0	cut the engine	cut from one scene to another
play	V	0-1	play safe	She played all her money on the dark horse
blowout	N	6-5	the right front tire had a blowout	as a result of the blowout we lost all the lights
head	N	5-5	Admission is three dollars a head .	tickets are $ 5 per head
stand	N	4-4	They took a firm stand against copyright infringement .	they cut down a stand of trees
work	V	4-4	Do you want to work after the age of 60 ?	She never did any work because she inherited a lot of money
carry	V	2-1	The airwaves carry the sound	Sound carries well over water
taste	N	7-5	the candy left him with a bad taste	the melon had a delicious taste
know	V	3-1	I want to know who is winning the game !	I know that the President lied to the people
shoot	V	0-0	shoot a movie	shoot craps
hit	V	2-1	The ball hit the fence .	I hit the jackpot .
contact	N	7-5	they claimed that they had been in contact with extraterrestrial beings	they forget to solder the contacts
figure	N	1-7	the figure was about a thousand	she made the best score on compulsory figures
fatigue	N	5-1	he was suffering from museum fatigue	political fatigue
break	V	0-4	break a fall	The newsman wanted to break a big story , something that would make him famous .
carry	V	2-2	These bonds carry warrants	this undertaking carries many dangers
resistance	N	1-4	Widespread resistance to the new urban development plans	the enemy offered little resistance
fix	N	5-13	he got into a terrible fix	It rained before we repaired the roof , and were we in a fix !
work	N	7-10	a lot of people are out of work	it is not regarded as one of his more memorable works
cut	V	4-1	The employer wants to cut back health benefits	She cut him dead at the meeting
run	N	7-4	the assembly line was on a 12-hour run	I 'm having a run of bad luck .
drop	N	3-1	he had a drop too much to drink	a drop of 57 points on the Dow Jones index
consult	V	7-2	Men forgot , or feared , to consult ... ; they were content to consult libraries . - William Whewell .	You should consult the dictionary
resign	V	6-8	He had no choice but to resign the game and let his opponent become the champion .	After fighting for so long , she finally resigned to her death .
raise	V	0-0	raise a sad cry	raise a shout
park	V	0-0	park your bag in this locker	park the car in the yard
cover	V	8-0	When the pot comes to a boil , cover it and reduce the heat to medium .	cover the meat with a lot of gravy
work	V	4-3	Do you want to work after the age of 60 ?	Is your husband working again ?
raise	V	0-0	raise a sad cry	raised edges
leach	V	0-2	leach the soil	the fertilizer leached into the ground
war	N	1-9	the war on poverty	In the US , conservatives rail against the " war on Christmas " .
hit	V	3-2	He tries to hit on women in bars	We were hit by really bad weather
end	N	1-1	the end of the year	the end was exciting
life	N	5-3	he appointed himself emperor for life	while there 's life there 's hope
pressurize	V	0-4	pressurize a space suit	the airplane cabin is pressurized
work	V	4-2	This method does n't work	The medicine works only if you take it with a lot of water
advance	V	1-2	To advance one 's interests	We are advancing technology every day
make	V	3-1	He did n't make the choir after his voice changed .	He made twenty bucks playing poker last night .
militate	V	1-1	To militate in favor of a particular result .	Politeness militated against this opinion being expressed
cut	V	0-1	cut a disk	This cuts into my earnings
war	N	1-2	the war against crime	The " war on terror " is a campaign against terrorist crime .
find	V	6-0	These aspects of civilization do not find expression or receive an interpretation	find the product of two numbers
fun	N	5-2	I do it for the fun of it	he is fun to have around
control	N	3-3	he had lost control of his sphincters	she never lost control of herself
take	V	2-2	Shall we take a guide in Rome ?	Do you take sugar in your coffee ?
play	V	3-3	On weekends I play	the stereo was playing Beethoven when I entered
cube	N	2-2	A sugar cube	A stock cube
play	V	0-1	play fair	Gielgud played Hamlet
set	N	2-2	The country set	the smart set goes there
size	N	8-3	she hates me , that 's about the size of it	that 's the size of the situation
end	N	3-4	she knotted the end of the thread	they rode to the end of the line
make	V	2-8	Do n't make this into a big deal	She married into wealth and so has it made .
take	V	0-4	take the gun from your pocket	Tomorrow the doctor will take the cast off her arm .
order	N	4-3	The house is in order ; the machinery is out of order .	IBM received an order for a hundred computers
suffer	V	0-2	suffer a terrible fate	His grades suffered
use	V	0-2	use your head !	we only use Spanish at home
hold	V	4-0	A crazy idea took hold of him	Hold the pencil like this .
beat	V	5-1	He danced hypnotically while she beat the atabaque .	Reading beats watching television
block	V	0-2	block a nerve	You are blocking the name of your first wife !
lie	V	2-2	Do n't lie to your parents	The book lies on the table ;    the snow lies on the roof;nbsp ; he lies in his coffin
save	V	3-3	This move will save money	Where did I save that document ? I ca n't find it on the desktop .
right	N	3-9	You have no right to go through my personal diary .	they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights
world	N	8-2	People are dying of starvation all over the world .	all the world loves a lover
see	V	1-3	I see that you have been promoted	I want to see whether she speaks French
freeze	V	13-0	Do n't go outside wearing just a t - shirt ; you 'll freeze !	Freeze the leftover food
prepare	V	0-3	prepare a speech	The prince was prepared to become King one day
escape	N	3-4	he made his escape from the mental hospital	The prisoners made their escape by digging a tunnel .
dent	N	3-4	it made a dent in my bank account	The crash produced a dent in the left side of the car .
resistance	N	4-1	the enemy offered little resistance	Widespread resistance to the new urban development plans
gap	N	7-3	The exploring party went through the high gap in the mountains .	there was a gap in his account
sense	N	1-1	a sense of self	a sense of happiness
hold	V	0-0	hold one 's nose	Hold the bridge against the enemy 's attacks
heat	V	0-2	heat the water on the stove	the sun heats the oceans
difficulty	N	1-6	had difficulty walking	finished the test only with great difficulty
room	N	1-2	The room was on its feet .	the whole room was cheering
catch	V	4-11	The fashion did not catch	I have some free time tonight so I think I 'll catch a movie .
coverage	N	11-3	The enemy fire is increasing – can we get some immediate coverage from those bunkers ?	There are overlapping coverages on your insurance policies .
get	V	2-2	did you get it ?	We 'll get them !
fabric	N	5-1	it is part of the fabric of society	The fabric of the universe
check	V	0-2	check the brakes	I will check up on the car tomorrow .
reading	N	5-1	he was famous for his reading of Mozart	A reading of the current situation .
mother	N	4-3	The lioness was a mother of four cubs .	necessity is the mother of invention
scale	N	7-6	The Holocaust was insanity on an enormous scale .	There are some who question the scale of our ambitions .
cut	V	0-2	cut a ticket	This knife cuts well
catch	N	3-2	There was a catch in his voice when he spoke his father 's name .	he played catch with his son in the backyard
hoop	V	0-1	hoop vats	To hoop a barrel or puncheon
breath	N	6-2	he was fighting to his last breath	not a breath of scandal ever touched her
go	V	6-5	Do you think the sofa will go through the door ?     The belt just barely went around his waist .	It 's your turn ; go .
third	N	13-4	he answered the first question willingly , the second reluctantly , and the third with resentment	Now put it into third .
ulteriority	N	6-5	his stories were too susceptible to ulteriority	their conversation was limited to ulteriorities
nose	N	7-6	my horse lost the race by a nose	Red Rum only won by a nose .
form	N	7-4	he was at the top of his form	the team was off form last night
drive	V	1-0	To drive sheep out of a field	drive the forest
set	N	2-3	The country set	he did four sets of the incline bench press
support	V	3-2	he does not support his natural children	The government supports the arts in several ways .
respect	N	2-3	out of respect for his privacy	she lost all respect for him
set	V	0-0	set the table	Set the tray down
make	V	1-0	To make like a deer caught in the headlights .	make a wall of stones
run	V	0-4	run a new program on the Mac	Our coach had us running plays for the whole practice .
raise	V	0-0	raise a shout	raise a protest
space	N	5-3	they stopped at an open space in the jungle	the architect left space in front of the building
hold	V	0-2	hold a reception	The canteen holds fresh water
take	V	3-2	I do n't take sugar in my coffee	His voice took on a sad tone
unionize	V	11-13	The company laid off all the workers when they tried to unionize .	We do n't allow people to come into our plant and try to unionize the workers
face	V	1-0	To face the front of a coat , or the bottom of a dress	face the lapels of the jacket
note	N	5-3	it ended on a sour note	there was a note of gaiety in her manner
air	V	0-0	air out the smoke - filled rooms	air the old winter clothes
end	N	5-5	he came to a bad end	no one wanted to play end
drive	V	1-0	To drive sheep out of a field	drive the cows into the barn
have	V	3-3	I do n't have any money left	What do we have here ?
play	V	4-0	She acts in this play	play fair
cover	V	4-1	The insurance wo n't cover this	he covered left field
remember	V	1-2	I remember the concert clearly , but I ca n't recollect why I was there .	can you remember her phone number ?
movement	N	2-8	the second movement is slow and melodic	it was an expensive watch with a diamond movement
ulteriority	N	4-6	a terrible feeling of ulteriority	his stories were too susceptible to ulteriority
dig	V	0-0	dig salt	dig coal
discover	V	10-5	The story is false , so far as I can discover	Turning the corner , I discovered a lovely little shop .
open	V	2-2	Vermont will open elk hunting season next week .	an opportunity opened up
brim	V	0-2	brim a cup to good fellowship	The room brimmed with people .
term	N	7-2	he left school before the end of term	a prison term
seek	V	0-0	seek a position	seek happiness
cut	V	0-1	cut recording tape	She cut all of her major titles again
hold	V	2-3	She can hold an audience spellbound	Elections will be held on the first Sunday of next month .
carry	V	3-2	This land will carry ten cows to the acre	I am carrying his child
get	V	0-3	get nauseous	She did n't get to Chicago until after midnight
rub	V	0-2	rub my hands	The cat rubbed itself against my leg .
base	N	1-1	the base of the lamp	the base of the skull
make	V	0-0	make revolution	make enemies
have	V	1-1	I have two years left	They have two more years before they retire
carry	V	0-1	carry the suitcases to the car	Amanda carried the package from home to New York .
turn	V	0-2	turn the corner	The water turned into ice
assume	V	3-2	Mr. Jones will assume the position of a lifeguard until a proper replacement is found .	The queen assumed the stately robes
run	N	7-4	the assembly line was on a 12-hour run	A rivulet of tears ran down his face .
end	N	2-12	At the end of the road , turn left .     At the end of the story , the main characters fall in love .	Start at the beginning and go on until you come to the end
inventory	N	4-10	they carried a vast inventory of hardware	they stopped selling in exact sizes in order to reduce inventory
break	V	0-2	break off the negotiations	She finally broke herself of smoking cigarettes
force	N	2-1	a public force is necessary to give security to the rights of citizens	the forces of evil
behave	V	2-5	Do n't behave like a fool	The children must learn to behave
pull	V	0-0	pull your knees towards your chin	Pull the handle towards you
society	N	9-5	It was then that they decided to found a society of didgeridoo - playing unicyclists .	they formed a small lunch society
hold	V	2-6	He can hold his liquor	To carry well , i.e. to hold the head high , with arching neck
trial	N	1-6	a trial of progesterone failed to relieve the pain	a sample for ten days free trial
rotation	N	9-1	the manager had only four starting pitchers in his rotation	crop rotation makes a balanced demand on the fertility of the soil
polish	V	0-1	polish my shoes	He polished up the chrome until it gleamed .
play	V	0-2	play water from a hose	The spotlights played on the politicians
day	N	4-4	it was a busy day on the stock exchange	she called it a day and went to bed
give	V	0-2	give one 's talents to a good cause	can you give me lessons ?
job	N	7-4	he gave it up as a bad job	she did an outstanding job as Ophelia
break	V	0-2	break a promise	The wholesaler broke the container loads into palettes and boxes for local retailers .
trial	N	9-3	he called each flip of the coin a new trial	in the experimental trials the amount of carbon was measured separately
turn	V	0-3	turn the earth in the Spring	The cream has turned -- we have to throw it out
book	N	3-5	he bought a book of stamps	they run things by the book around here
raise	V	1-0	To raise Sandy Hook light	raise the specter of unemployment
slot	N	5-9	Bob Dylan occupied the top slot for several weeks	she beat some tough competition for the number one slot
catch	V	0-0	catch one 's breath	Catch some sleep
do	V	0-3	do research	Will $ 100 do ?
drive	V	0-1	drive the forest	She drove me to school every day
monitor	V	2-2	the police monitor the suspect 's moves	we are monitoring the air quality
turn	V	18-0	The hillside behind our house is n't generally much to look at , but once all the trees turn it 's gorgeous .	turn cartwheels
pay	V	3-1	Crime does n't pay ;     it will pay to wait	To pay attention
piece	N	6-3	I need to rest for a piece	he needed a piece of granite
authority	N	3-2	I have the authority to penalise the staff in my department , but not the authority to sack them .	Respect my authority !
use	V	3-0	I ca n't use this tool	use the plastic bags to store the food
difference	N	9-8	You need to learn to be more tolerant of difference .	It just wo n't make much of a difference to anyone .
leak	N	1-1	A leak in a boat	A leak in a roof
take	V	2-1	Can you take this bag , please	I take aspirin every day to thin my blood .
break	V	0-4	break the cycle of poverty	The first winter storm broke over New York
case	N	3-14	it was a case of bad judgment	for English , a compositor will ordinarily have two such cases , the upper case containing the capitals and the lower case containing the small letters
play	V	4-0	She acts in this play	Play about with a young girl 's affection
swing	N	5-4	the party went with a swing	he took a wild swing at my head
break	V	0-1	break a circuit	She broke the vase .
touch	V	5-3	Your performance does n't even touch that of your colleagues	I would n't touch her with a ten - foot pole
make	V	0-2	make up a room	can you make me an omelette ?
hand	N	3-2	Give him a hand .	the hired hand fixed the railing
whet	V	0-1	whet my appetite	To whet one 's appetite or one 's courage
hit	V	3-1	He tries to hit on women in bars	He hit a home run
take	V	0-2	take steps	I 'll take three salmon steaks
reply	V	1-1	Please reply to my letter .	He replied that he was not sure .
take	V	4-3	This surface will not take the dye	The test grader takes off a point for every misspelled word .
float	V	0-2	float a ship	The boat floated on the water .
support	N	4-1	they gave him emotional support during difficult times	his support kept the family together
unit	N	6-5	the word is a basic linguistic unit	the reduced the number of units and installations
do	V	0-5	do nothing	A ' B ' grade does n't suffice to get me into medical school
refund	V	15-1	If you find this computer for sale anywhere at a lower price , we 'll refund you the difference .	Please refund me my money
sense	N	5-1	fortunately she had the good sense to run away	Common sense is not so common
be	V	2-2	I shall be writing to you soon .	I have been to Spain many times .
translate	V	5-2	Is there a need to translate the psychiatrist 's remarks ?	Can you translate the instructions in this manual for a layman ?
piece	N	4-3	it was a nice piece of work	he needed a piece of granite
press	V	1-3	To press a crowd back	This guy can press 300 pounds
dresser	N	4-5	she 's an elegant dresser	He 's a very snappy dresser .
round	N	3-5	we enjoyed our round of the local bars	the story is going the rounds in Washington
term	N	2-1	Near - term , mid - term and long - term goals	The term allowed to a debtor to discharge his debt
movement	N	2-2	the second movement is slow and melodic	a broad movement of the electorate to the right
play	V	2-0	Can you play on this old recorder ?	play fair
patch	N	2-1	a briar patch	a patch of clouds
edge	V	0-1	edge the tablecloth with embroidery	He edged towards the car
fire	N	4-3	they sat by the fire and talked	he went through fire and damnation
make	V	0-2	make a decision	She 'll make a fine president .
clear	V	0-2	clear a debt	The fog cleared in the afternoon
hold	V	2-2	She can hold an audience spellbound	The beam holds up the roof
make	V	0-0	make a phone call	make a move
window	N	6-1	You have a two - hour window of clear weather to finish working on the lawn .	Launch window ; window of opportunity
approach	V	1-11	To approach the city	He was an admirable poet , and thought even to have approached Homer . -- Sir William Temple .
reek	V	1-1	You reek of perfume .	Marshes reeking in the sun
cup	N	8-4	he wore a jock strap with a metal cup	bees filled the waxen cups with honey
cut	V	0-1	cut class	She cut him dead at the meeting
break	V	5-6	The book dealer would not break the set	I do n't know how to break this to you , but your cat is not coming back .
break	V	2-2	Can you break a hundred - dollar bill for me ?	The dam broke
space	N	1-3	the space between his teeth	the architect left space in front of the building
ball	N	4-5	The children were playing ball in the garden .	he played with his rubber ball in the bathtub
cut	V	3-6	she could not cut the long days in the office	The glass from the shattered windshield cut into her forehead
use	V	6-2	He does n't know how to use a computer	we only use Spanish at home
make	V	0-0	make a phone call	make advances
keep	V	2-9	These potatoes keep for a long time	Our grant has run out and we can not keep you on
attack	V	6-1	This species of snake will only attack humans if it feels threatened .	Hitler attacked Poland on September 1 , 1939 and started World War II
make	V	0-0	make a decision	make a move
come	V	3-1	she could not come because she was too upset	He came after a few minutes .
party	N	1-2	the party of the first part	The green party took 12 % of the vote .
run	V	0-0	run a process	run the dogs
snap	V	1-1	To snap a whip	To snap a fastener
section	N	7-7	there are three synagogues in the Jewish section	she got a job in the historical section of the Treasury
break	V	2-5	let 's break for lunch	I ca n't believe she broke 3 under par !
see	V	8-7	You have to be a good observer to see all the details	He is blind -- he can not see
reaction	N	5-7	John feared his mother 's reaction when she saw the broken lamp	he was pleased by the audience 's reaction to his performance
operation	N	8-2	they paid taxes on every stage of the operation	a multinational operation
pull	V	0-0	pull the old soup cans from the supermarket shelf	pull a bank robbery
failure	N	6-9	that year there was a crop failure	he felt that his entire life had been a failure
copy	N	3-4	she made a copy of the designer dress	Please bring me the copies of those reports .
today	N	3-0	did you see today 's newspaper ?	Today is beautiful
fall	V	0-0	fall into a strange way of thinking	fall prey to an imposter
face	N	2-3	an angry face	Why the sad face ?
dresser	N	4-4	he 's a meticulous dresser	she 's an elegant dresser
work	V	0-3	work one 's muscles	The rock musician worked the crowd of young girls into a frenzy .
haul	V	0-0	haul stones	haul nets
refine	V	0-0	refine pig iron	refine oil
spot	N	2-6	a bald spot	The leopard is noted for the spots of color in its fur .
clearance	N	4-2	the plane was given clearance to land	He got clearance to travel to America , even though he had previous links to terrorists
turn	V	6-1	The Earth turns ;    turn on the spot	He turned traitor
run	N	15-7	He went to Las Vegas and spent all his money over a three - day run .	the assembly line was on a 12-hour run
press	V	3-3	This guy can press 300 pounds	This is a pressing problem
apply	V	0-1	apply for a job	He applied for a leave of absence
edge	N	4-4	his voice had an edge to it	she sat on the edge of the bed
grace	N	5-8	it was debated whether saving grace could be obtained outside the membership of the church	I 'm so grateful to God for the grace that He has given me .
time	N	2-2	it is time to go	At what times do the trains arrive ? ;    these times were erroneously converted between zones
trust	N	7-3	he is the beneficiary of a generous trust set up by his father	he betrayed their trust
get	V	2-3	We 'll get them !	She did n't get the joke
stretch	V	1-1	Cats stretch with equal ease and agility beyond the point that breaks a man on the rack .	I stretched the rubber band until it almost broke .
face	N	4-9	She has a pretty face .	I wish I had seen the look on his face when he got the news
come	V	3-2	your wish will come true	The water came to a boil
neighborhood	N	8-5	he always blames someone else in the immediate neighborhood	the price is in the neighborhood of $ 100
foot	N	4-4	armored from head to foot	curled up on the foot of the bed
feeling	N	4-3	I had a strange feeling in my leg	she had a feeling of euphoria
get	V	0-2	get someone mad	the cat got the goldfish
action	N	6-2	the piano had a very stiff action	recent federal action undermined the segregationist position
head	N	1-6	200 head of cattle and 50 head of horses	At five years of age this head of cattle is worth perhaps $ 40
shade	N	6-2	it is much cooler in the shade	Close the shade , please : it 's too bright in here .
catch	V	4-1	The fashion did not catch	He caught the allusion in her glance
tab	N	2-4	pull the tab to open the can	files with a red tab will be stored separately
pop	V	0-3	pop the clutch	The soldiers were popping
feel	V	1-1	I feel that he does n't like me	I felt my way cautiously through the dangerous business maneuver .
block	V	0-2	block the book cover	His brother blocked him at every turn
missus	N	10-1	Harry said he could n't stop and chat because his missus wanted to go shopping .	The missus has a list of chores for me to do this weekend .
give	V	2-1	do n't give the child this tough meat	I gave him a very good chance at success
catch	V	6-2	If you leave now you might catch him .	She really caught the spirit of the place in her drawings
title	N	6-5	he had no documents confirming his title to his father 's estate	I can never remember movie titles
room	N	0-6	room to pass	There was n't that much elbow room in the aircraft .
finance	V	2-2	Can we finance the addition to our home ?	His parents financed his college education .
relationship	N	10-1	he did n't want his wife to know of the relationship	the relationship between mothers and their children
church	N	5-1	There is a lovely little church in the valley .	the church was empty
number	N	1-7	the number of parameters is small	I hope to become one of their number before I die
unit	N	1-0	a unit of wheat is a bushel	units of nucleic acids
job	N	5-4	the barber did a real job on my hair	dry rot did the job of destroying the barn
feel	V	2-1	I can feel the sadness in his poems .	It feels nice to be home again
sex	N	2-6	We had sex in the back seat .	All you ever think about is sex .
see	V	7-3	He is blind -- he can not see	I ca n't see him on horseback !
make	V	3-4	They hope to make a bigger profit	How much do you make a month in your new job ?
hyponym	N	3-3	Dog is a hyponym of animal .	British is a hyponym of European .
year	N	2-2	A normal year has 365 full days , but there are 366 days in a leap year .	This Chinese year is the year of the Rooster .
break	V	0-3	break a circuit	Did you two break the trolley by racing with it ?
clear	V	0-2	clear a debt	The sky cleared .
class	N	1-3	The class of all sets is not a set .	there are two classes of detergents
seek	V	0-0	seek an education	seek happiness
course	N	1-12	a course of bricks	On a building that size , two crews could only lay two courses in a day .
implement	V	0-1	implement a procedure	He implemented a new economic plan
drive	V	0-1	drive a golf ball	He drives a bread truck
catch	V	0-2	catch fire	The bucket catches water from the downspout .
work	V	7-3	this unpleasant situation is n't going to work itself out	He could not work the math problem
academy	N	2-2	The military academy at West Point ; a riding academy ; the Academy of Music .	The French Academy ; the American Academy of Arts and Sciences ; academies of literature and philology .
bear	V	3-0	She agreed to bear the responsibility	bearing orders
make	V	4-0	How much do you make a month in your new job ?	Make a quorum
give	V	0-0	give a course	give a yelp
reason	N	7-1	If you do n't give me a reason to go with you , I wo n't .	the reason that war was declared
cut	V	2-1	The Vietnamese cut a lot of timber while they occupied Cambodia	soap cuts grease
pound	V	0-2	pound the roots with a heavy flat stone	the salesman pounded the door knocker
fall	V	4-2	The hills around here fall towards the ocean	his eyes fell
period	N	3-2	Picasso 's blue period	a time period of 30 years
see	V	2-1	let 's see -- which movie should we see tonight ?	I saw their laughing and joking .
see	V	2-3	I 'll see you to the door	I want to see results
raise	V	1-0	To raise a wall , or a heap of stones	raise a siege
take	V	1-3	I take it you 're not going ?	He was often taken to be a man of means .
make	V	2-3	can you make me an omelette ?	What do you make of his remarks ?
one	N	4-3	they had lunch at one	he has the one but will need a two and three to go with it
offset	V	1-0	To offset one charge against another	offset deposits and withdrawals
session	N	2-2	a filming session	A training session
get	V	2-3	We 'll get them !	I ca n't get these boots off ( or on ) .
keep	V	9-9	The family 's fortune waned and they could not keep their household staff	Our grant has run out and we can not keep you on
strike	V	2-2	We must strike the enemy 's oil fields	A hammer strikes against the bell of a clock .
analyze	V	0-2	analyze the evidence in a criminal trial	The inspector analyzed the building for its soundness .
pay	V	0-0	pay a call	pay a visit
floor	N	1-7	the floor of the pelvis	Many sunken ships rest on the ocean floor .
gather	V	1-1	I gather from Aunty May that you had a good day at the match .	People gathered round as he began to tell his story .
draw	V	0-1	draw parallels	He drew great benefits from his membership in the association
war	N	2-1	The " war on drugs " is a campaign against the use of narcotic drugs .	the war on poverty
carry	V	1-2	To carry the war from Greece into Asia	The jar carries wine
conclusion	N	1-1	his conclusion took the evidence into account	in conclusion I want to say ...
raise	V	0-0	raise a siege	raise from the dead
take	V	4-2	This box wo n't take all the items	can you take me to the main entrance ?
cut	V	0-4	cut from one scene to another	The employer wants to cut back health benefits
chain	N	6-1	The third link of the silver chain needs to be resoldered .	A chain of ideas , one leading to the next
dullness	N	3-3	without him the dullness of her life crept into her work no matter how she tried to compartmentalize it .	there was a dullness in his heart
go	V	2-2	We should go farther in this matter	The day went well until I got your call
seat	N	5-11	he was elected to a seat in the Senate	He sat on the arm of the chair rather than the seat , which always annoyed his mother .
hyponym	N	3-4	Dog is a hyponym of animal .	" A is a hyponym of B " means that " A is a type of B. "
see	V	2-3	Now I see !	I want to see whether she speaks French
take	V	3-1	I do n't take sugar in my coffee	I take aspirin every day to thin my blood .
cut	V	0-1	cut a dress	soap cuts grease
replace	V	3-1	the insurance will replace the lost income	He replaced the old razor blade
identity	N	2-2	Simply an identity element if both are true	A left identity if I * x = x for any x in the structure
identity	N	4-7	you can lose your identity when you join the army	it was too dark to determine his identity
rest	N	5-8	The ocean was finally at rest .	a body will continue in a state of rest until acted upon
accord	N	3-1	we are in accord with your proposal	The accord of light and shade in painting
sign	N	6-4	Their angry expressions were a clear sign they did n't want to talk .	Those clouds show little sign of raining soon .
trace	V	0-0	trace your path	trace the outline of a figure in the sand
see	V	2-2	I must see your passport before you can enter the country	I 'll see you to the door
hit	V	3-2	The temperature could hit 110 F tomorrow .	The movie hits theaters in December .
work	V	4-2	She knows how to work the system	A ship works in a heavy sea .
recuperate	V	0-3	recuperate one 's losses	The patient is recuperating
set	N	4-1	he gave a final set to his hat	the set of prime numbers is infinite
make	V	2-1	Do n't make this into a big deal	He made a fool of himself at the meeting
contact	N	0-3	contact with the pier scraped paint from the hull	the pilot made contact with the base
hit	N	8-7	Where am I going to get my next hit ?	after three misses she finally got a hit
feel	V	2-1	The sheets feel soft	He felt the wind
answer	V	0-1	answer the telephone	She answered the door .
make	V	2-0	We should make Cincinnati by 7 tonight .	make the bed
submission	N	5-1	the union was brought into submission	his submission to the will of God
head	N	1-1	The head of the compass needle is pointing due north .	the head of the nail " , " a pinhead is the head of a pin
help	V	2-10	This will help to prevent accidents	I served him three times , and after that he helped himself
go	V	5-2	This chair has got to go .	The policemen went from door to door looking for the suspect
fall	V	0-1	fall prey to an imposter	She fell ill
coordinate	V	0-0	coordinate the painters , masons , and plumbers	coordinate his actions with that of his colleagues
break	V	0-4	break an alibi	News of her death broke in the morning
take	V	2-1	I 'll take the blue plates .	We took the road on the right .
play	V	2-1	Can you play on this old recorder ?	He plays the flute
embody	V	19-2	As the car salesman approached , wearing a plaid suit and slicked - back hair , he seemed to embody sleaze .	This painting embodies the feelings of the Romantic period
keep	V	9-0	Our grant has run out and we can not keep you on	keep my seat , please
head	N	1-6	200 head of cattle	At five years of age this head of cattle is worth perhaps $ 40
boy	N	4-4	the baby was a boy	most soldiers are only boys in uniform
get	V	0-3	get someone mad	The Brazilian team got 4 goals
day	N	2-7	in the day of the dinosaurs	he was a successful pianist in his day
drink	N	4-19	he jumped into the drink and had to be rescued	If he does n't pay off the mafia , he 'll wear cement shoes to the bottom of the drink !
raise	V	6-5	We visited a farm where they raise chickens .	A few important questions were raised after the attack .
business	N	2-5	We do business all over the world .	he bought his brother 's business
audit	V	1-0	To audit the accounts of a treasure , or of parties who have a suit depending in court	audit accounts and tax returns
bankruptcy	N	1-1	spiritual bankruptcy	intellectual bankruptcy
cut	V	0-0	cut a movie scene	Cut the engines when the plane comes to a halt !
ski	V	4-3	My children do n't ski	We love to ski the Rockies
open	V	0-2	open a business	The door opened
make	V	7-4	A good review by this critic will make your play !	This company is what made you .
connect	V	2-3	Can you connect the two loudspeakers ?	This computer will connect well to the network .
see	V	4-8	I just ca n't see your point	You have to be a good observer to see all the details
break	V	0-0	break a circuit	break a promise
take	V	2-1	Do you take sugar in your coffee ?	We took our seats in the orchestra
make	V	0-0	make a stir	make friends
nomination	N	2-1	the Republican nomination for Governor	his nomination was hotly protested
come	V	3-2	your wish will come true	The shoes came untied
love	N	1-5	their love left them indifferent to their surroundings	he had n't had any love in months
plan	N	7-2	they drew up a six - step plan	they discussed plans for a new bond issue
drive	V	0-2	drive a car or bus	She finally drove him to change jobs
set	N	1-4	a set of golf clubs	he gave a final set to his hat
carry	V	2-2	These bonds carry warrants	The restaurant carries an unusual name
trust	N	5-7	He needs to regain her trust if he is ever going to win her back .	he is the beneficiary of a generous trust set up by his father
keep	V	9-2	Our grant has run out and we can not keep you on	The students keep me on my toes
quality	N	13-10	A peasant is not allowed to fall in love with a lady of quality .	Membership of this golf club is limited to those of quality and wealth .
mount	V	0-0	mount a play	mount a theater production
head	N	1-4	The head of the compass needle is pointing due north .	matters came to a head yesterday
raise	V	1-0	To raise Sandy Hook light	Raise your hands
stroke	N	4-6	the pregnancy was a stroke of bad luck	she applied the paint in careful strokes
dozen	N	7-4	There should n't be more than two dozen Christmas cards left to write .	Pack the shirts in dozens , please .
time	N	4-6	I did n't have time to finish	it took more than half my time
key	N	5-7	some students had stolen the key to the final exam	Some students cheated by using the answer key .
block	V	0-0	block the wheels of a car	block a plate for printing
hold	V	6-1	The general ordered the colonel to hold his position at all costs .	He held the governorship for almost a decade
picture	N	4-4	he had no clear picture of himself or his world	he described his mental picture of his assailant
life	N	5-9	he hoped for a new life in Australia	he could no longer cope with the complexities of life
identity	N	2-7	Simply an identity element if both are true	it was too dark to determine his identity
tip	N	3-4	he got a tip on the stock market	they clambered to the tip of Monadnock
dress	V	3-1	Can the child dress by herself ?	Marlene dressed the baby .
thing	N	6-3	how could you do such a thing ?	he has a thing about seafood
cover	V	4-2	The grant does n't cover my salary	The President covered the fact that he bugged the offices in the White House
life	N	1-1	social life	city life
catch	V	11-1	I have some free time tonight so I think I 'll catch a movie .	He caught the last three innings .
drag	N	3-6	He performed in drag .	the waitresses looked like missionaries in drag
run	V	0-2	run riot	The children ran to the store
hold	V	1-2	I hold him personally responsible	The flask holds one gallon
line	N	5-9	Please speak up , the line is very faint .	I tried to make a call , but the line was dead .
support	N	6-3	they developed a scheme of mutual support	The government provides support to the arts in several ways .
catch	V	8-1	I have to stop for a moment and catch my breath .	I caught some Z 's on the train .
difference	N	5-1	his support made a real difference	the difference in her is amazing
check	V	0-0	check the spelling of this word	check your luggage before boarding
turn	V	0-0	turn a key	turn the clay on the wheel
heart	N	1-5	The heart and soul of any democracy is its electorate .	you have n't got the heart for baseball
mean	V	3-1	I did n't mean to knock your tooth out .	I meant to take the car in for a smog check , but it slipped my mind .
work	V	3-2	I can not work a miracle	The medicine works only if you take it with a lot of water
press	V	1-0	To press a crowd back	press a record
appearance	N	4-2	A person makes his appearance as an historian , an artist , or an orator .	His sudden appearance surprised me .
cut	V	1-1	She cut the deck for a long time	soap cuts grease
purchase	V	1-1	To purchase land , to purchase a house	Carmen purchased a dress for $ 50 .
carnival	N	2-15	When the carnival came to town , every one wanted some cotton candy .	We all got to ride the merry - go - round when the brought their carnival to town .
strike	V	0-2	strike an arc	The bullet struck her thigh
breath	N	4-6	I could hear the breath of the runner behind me .	he was fighting to his last breath
have	V	3-1	What do we have here ?	I have two years left
development	N	3-1	what a revolting development !	recent developments in Iraq
sense	N	1-1	a sense of self	A sense of security
raise	V	0-0	raise a protest	raise a sad cry
feeling	N	3-3	he lost all feeling in his arm	he had terrible feelings of guilt
shift	V	4-0	We 'll have to shift these boxes to the downtown office .	shift one 's attention
floor	N	2-5	The pit floor showed where a ring of post holes had been .	The room has a wooden floor .
life	N	3-13	while there 's life there 's hope	Having experienced both , the vampire decided that he preferred ( un)death to life .
make	V	2-1	We should make Cincinnati by 7 tonight .	Heat makes you sweat
window	N	6-2	You have a two - hour window of clear weather to finish working on the lawn .	the expanded window will give us time to catch the thieves
run	V	3-2	The sale will run for ten days .	The contract runs through 2008 .
dialect	N	5-0	the immigrants spoke an odd dialect of English	Dialects found in both Hangzhou and Shanghai belong to the Wu topolect .
make	V	0-0	make merry	make a fire
slot	N	9-5	she beat some tough competition for the number one slot	Bob Dylan occupied the top slot for several weeks
floor	N	2-1	The pit floor showed where a ring of post holes had been .	The floor of a cave served the refugees as a home .
head	N	7-2	I 've got to go to the head .	under the head of minor Roman poets
move	V	9-1	The chairman of the company told the salesmen to move the computers	she moves in certain circles only
raise	V	0-0	raise my salary	raise the question of promotions
hold	V	0-2	hold your temper	The book holds in store much valuable advise
check	V	8-0	Katie 's sick , so I need to check up on her and see if she needs anything .	Check whether this page has a watermark .
krona	N	4-1	Piecas kronas — five krona	Papīra krona — paper krona ( i.e. , bills , banknotes )
end	N	10-1	the so - called glorious experiment came to an inglorious end	the end was exciting
head	N	1-1	200 head of cattle	200 head of cattle and 50 head of horses
collision	N	1-6	the collision of the two ships resulted in a serious oil spill	three passengers were killed in the collision
marriage	N	4-3	Pat and Leslie 's marriage to each other lasted forty years .	You should enter marriage for love .
gather	V	0-0	gather the close family members	gather some stones
back	N	1-4	his back was nicely tanned	he stood at the back of the stage
blow	V	0-2	blow on the soup to cool it down	The fuse blew
stone	N	6-2	he must have a heart of stone	A peach stone
degree	N	2-10	a remarkable degree of frankness	Most humans have a field of vision of almost 180 degrees .
turn	V	0-2	turn cartwheels	The princess turned the frog into a prince by kissing him
touch	V	3-2	The two buildings touch	Their hands touched
stuff	N	3-1	there 's good stuff in that book	the stuff of heros
raise	V	0-0	raise a protest	raise a shout
term	N	1-2	The term allowed to a debtor to discharge his debt	Near - term , mid - term and long - term goals
action	N	3-2	a man of action	he saw action in Korea
time	N	12-1	Time stops for nobody .     the ebb and flow of time	the time of year for planting
break	V	2-2	Can you break a hundred - dollar bill for me ?	The wholesaler broke the container loads into palettes and boxes for local retailers .
wear	V	0-1	wear one 's hair in a certain way	She wore a smile all day .
impression	N	5-3	I wanted to create an impression of success	he watched the impression of the seal on the hot wax
line	N	2-2	toe the line	a washing line
change	N	2-3	he got change for a twenty and used it to pay the taxi driver	Can I get change for this $ 100 bill please ?
face	N	4-6	dew dripped from the face of the leaf	Put a big sign on each face of the building that can be seen from the road .
death	N	1-3	her death came as a terrible shock	he had two deaths on his conscience
catch	V	0-6	catch one 's breath	The fire spread slowly until it caught the eaves of the barn .
register	V	4-0	Her surprise did not register	register for an election
impression	N	5-3	the events left a permanent impression in his mind	he left the impression of his fingers in the soft mud
make	V	6-1	You have to spend money to make money !	He made twenty bucks playing poker last night .
work	V	5-2	This old radio does n't work anymore	The vintner worked the wine in big oak vats
make	V	0-3	make enemies	What do you make of his remarks ?
air	N	7-6	open a window and let in some air	a smell of chemicals in the air
have	V	5-1	The only girl who would have him was the miller 's daughter	We had a hard year last year , with the locust swarms and all that .
drug	V	4-1	You look like someone drug you behind a horse for half a mile .	They drugged the kidnapped tourist
sentence	N	1-5	his sentence was 5 to 10 years	The judge leniently granted a sentence with no hard time .     He is not living at home because he is doing time .
party	N	2-8	The green party took 12 % of the vote .	in 1992 Perot tried to organize a third party at the national level
be	V	2-2	I shall be writing to you soon .	It has been three years since my grandmother died . ( similar to My grandmother died three years ago , but emphasizes the intervening period )
fire	N	3-2	he went through fire and damnation	hold your fire until you can see the whites of their eyes
drive	N	6-3	he took the family for a drive in his new car	a variable speed drive permitted operation through a range of speeds
move	N	1-5	The move into my fiancé 's house took two long days .	They were pleased about their move to the country .
face	N	4-3	They climbed the north face of the mountain .	Why the sad face ?
use	V	3-6	I ca n't use this tool	He does n't know how to use a computer
hour	N	7-3	the job will take more than an hour	I spent an hour at lunch .
be	V	2-1	I shall be writing to you soon .	I am 75 kilograms .
see	V	3-4	We had to see a psychiatrist	The minister does n't see anybody before noon
trade	N	7-6	they are accused of conspiring to constrain trade	Venice was an important center of trade with the East
neighbour	N	1-1	My neighbour has an annoying cat .	My neighbour is very irritable and grumpy at times .
time	N	4-3	When was the last time we went out ? I do n't remember .	he called four times
get	V	4-2	Her childish behavior really get to me	the cat got the goldfish
make	V	6-0	One swallow does not a summer make	make enemies
unit	N	4-0	The centimetre is a unit of length .	units of nucleic acids
take	V	2-1	Shall we take a guide in Rome ?	It takes nerve to do what she did
crack	N	4-6	Open the door a crack .	We managed to squeeze through a crack in the rock wall .
ruffle	V	5-5	This play is going to ruffle some people	She has a way of ruffling feathers among her colleagues
call	V	0-0	call a runner out	call a football game
chain	N	5-1	This led to an unfortunate chain of events .	A chain of mountains
catch	V	2-2	did you catch a cold ?	Who is catching ?
proficiency	N	7-3	To attain ( or to reach ) proficiency	A test of proficiency in English
go	V	4-2	This sofa wo n't go with the chairs	Messages must go through diplomatic channels
conflict	N	3-1	this form of conflict is essential to Mann 's writing	a conflict of loyalties
rig	V	0-0	rig an election	rig prices
mother	N	4-1	The lioness was a mother of four cubs .	the mother of three children
draw	V	0-0	draw pulp from the fruit	Draw blood and pus
cut	V	3-0	We had to cut short the conversation	cut trenches
come	V	0-1	come out of the closet !	Melons come from a vine
unit	N	8-5	He was a member of a special police unit .	the reduced the number of units and installations
floor	N	7-1	Many sunken ships rest on the ocean floor .	The floor of a cave served the refugees as a home .
stabilization	N	1-4	wage stabilization is necessary for industrial peace	he worked for price stabilization for farm products
give	V	0-0	give a yelp	Give a gulp
raise	V	0-0	raise hell	raise the roof
unit	N	2-4	change per unit volume	The centimetre is a unit of length .
agree	V	5-1	The two stories do n't agree in many details	We agreed what to do .
fall	V	0-4	fall by the wayside	We must stand or fall
break	V	2-3	let 's break for lunch	his voice is breaking -- he should no longer sing in the choir
one	N	4-6	he is the best one	" driver " , noun : one who drives .
footage	N	3-4	they had stock footage of lightning , tornados , and hurricanes	he edited the news footage
take	V	0-2	take the gun from your pocket	Do you take me for a fool ?
admit	V	1-1	To admit evidence in the trial of a cause	To admit a serious thought into the mind
make	V	2-3	He will make a splendid father !	They hope to make a bigger profit
touch	V	10-5	Can he reach ? " " The chair must not touch the wall	The local Mafia wo n't touch gambling
see	V	3-2	We had to see a psychiatrist	You should see a lawyer
air	N	5-7	the house had a neglected air	as he waited he could feel the air on his neck
take	V	3-1	I do n't take sugar in my coffee	We take all major credit cards .
tomorrow	N	5-0	everyone hopes for a better tomorrow	tomorrow 's world
arouse	V	1-0	To arouse anger	arouse pity
threat	N	1-4	his threat to kill me was quite explicit	earthquakes are a constant threat in Japan
stand	V	3-3	We had to stand for the entire performance !	On the pedestal stood a statue .
break	N	1-4	the break seems to have been caused by a fall	we took a 10-minute break
run	V	3-2	let the dogs run free	Interest rates run from 5 to 10 percent
electrify	V	0-1	electrify an appliance	To electrify a limb , or the body
make	V	0-1	make merry	They made nice together , as if their fight never happened .
situation	N	2-2	no human situation is simple	the dangerous situation developed suddenly
take	V	1-2	We take all major credit cards .	Do you take sugar in your coffee ?
air	N	4-6	I need some fresh air	a smell of chemicals in the air
title	N	1-3	his title to fame	he kept the title to his car in the glove compartment
head	N	1-1	The head of the compass needle is pointing due north .	200 head of cattle
silence	N	2-3	he needed silence in order to sleep	he gestured for silence
time	N	7-12	he was a great actor in his time	Time stops for nobody .     the ebb and flow of time
application	N	1-6	the application of indexes to tables of data	massage has far - reaching medical applications
spread	V	1-1	I spread the rice grains evenly over the floor .	He spread fertilizer over the lawn
school	N	1-3	the school was built in 1932	he walked to school every morning
take	V	2-3	Do you take me for a fool ?	He was often taken to be a man of means .
rhythm	N	7-5	We walked with a quick , even rhythm .	the piece has a fast rhythm
fit	V	12-5	If I lose a few kilos , the gorgeous wedding dress might fit me .	The small shirt does n't fit me , so I 'll buy the medium size .
corner	N	1-5	a corner on the silver market	a piano was in one corner of the room
run	V	2-0	Do n't run that software unless you have permission . '	run rogue
pay	V	1-6	To pay attention	How much does this savings certificate pay annually ?
smoke	N	3-5	it was just smoke and mirrors	his dreams all turned to smoke
match	V	13-2	These two copies are supposed to be identical , but they do n't match .	let them match their best athletes against ours
cold	N	0-6	cold is a vasoconstrictor	Come in , out of the cold .
buff	N	4-3	To strip to the buff	swimming in the buff
bevy	N	5-1	he was surrounded by a bevy of beauties in bathing attire	a bevy of young beach boys swarmed around him
acknowledge	V	2-4	We must acknowledge the kindness she showed towards us	* They his gifts acknowledged none . - John Milton
head	N	2-3	Tap the head of the drum for this roll .	She gave great head .
catch	V	3-0	I have to catch a train at 7 o'clock	catch one 's breath
catch	V	3-1	ears open to catch every sound	I caught the aroma of coffee
make	V	3-0	She may not make the grade	make a mess in one 's office
post	N	3-2	he occupied a post in the treasury	Sent via post ; parcel post
make	V	1-0	They make a cute couple	make up a room
taproot	N	7-1	genius and insanity spring from the same taproot	the taproot of his resentment
break	V	2-4	let 's break for lunch	The first winter storm broke over New York
head	N	7-2	We will consider performance issues under the head of future improvements .	under the head of minor Roman poets
cut	V	2-0	The sweat cut little rivulets into her face	cut a hole
make	V	3-1	This invention will make you a millionaire	She made ten points in that game .
draw	V	0-6	draw a chicken	The participants in the experiment were drawn from a representative population
check	V	0-1	check your luggage before boarding	She checked for an instant and missed a step
life	N	13-3	Having experienced both , the vampire decided that he preferred ( un)death to life .	while there 's life there 's hope
break	V	10-1	If the vase falls to the floor , it might break .	She broke the vase .
carry	V	1-0	To carry the war from Greece into Asia	carry too far
believe	V	3-2	You can not believe this man	Should we believe a publication like the National Enquirer ?
sign	N	4-6	The hunters found deer sign at the end of the trail .	Their angry expressions were a clear sign they did n't want to talk .
raise	V	1-0	To raise Sandy Hook light	raise hell
work	V	5-5	Start from the bottom and work towards the top	The stitches of the hem worked loose after she wore the skirt many times
work	V	3-5	I can not work a miracle	The stitches of the hem worked loose after she wore the skirt many times
rate	N	2-1	the literacy rate	The rate of production at the factory is skyrocketing .
point	N	3-3	he broke the point of his pencil	he stuck the point of the knife into a tree
play	V	4-2	This speech did n't play well with the American public	His remarks played to the suspicions of the committee
gather	V	0-1	gather some stones	Herman gathered the students together .
start	V	4-2	We simply could not start the engine	The rain started at 9:00 .
space	N	5-1	they stopped at an open space in the jungle	the space between his teeth
sense	N	1-1	a sense of security	a sense of self
set	N	1-1	a set of golf clubs	a set of books
know	V	3-2	She does n't know this composer	Do you know my sister ?
crack	V	0-6	crack a joke	The performance was fine until he cracked that dead baby joke .
movement	N	1-4	the movement of cargo onto the vessel	he had a bowel movement
come	V	0-1	come out of the closet !	He came singing down the road
spread	V	3-0	She liked to spread butter on her toast while it was still hot .	spread cheese on a piece of bread
bear	V	3-0	I can not bear his constant criticism	bearing orders
staple	N	5-0	Tow is flax with short staple .	staple fibers vary widely in length
render	V	0-0	render thanks	render fat in a casserole
lap	N	1-6	his lap was covered with food stains	the job fell right in my lap
start	N	4-5	they got an early start	The movie was entertaining from start to finish .
appearance	N	5-4	the rookie made a brief appearance in the first period	David Beckham 's first appearance with the LA Galaxy at Giants Stadium against the New York Red Bulls last night drew a crowd of 66237 .
throw	V	0-1	throw accusations at someone	she threw a beautiful teapot
take	V	0-2	take shelter from the storm	Do you take sugar in your coffee ?
bear	V	0-0	bear a heavy load	bear news
pull	V	0-2	pull weeds	I 'm pulling for the underdog
see	V	2-1	I 'll see you to the door	I saw her bake the cake .
suit	N	6-12	they buried him in his best suit	Be sure to keep your nose to the grindstone today ; the suits are making a " surprise " visit to this department .
keep	V	1-0	I keep my specimens under glass to protect them .	keep appointments
orient	V	3-3	Let me just orient myself and we can be on our way .	We had to orient ourselves in the forest
light	N	7-4	although he saw it in a different light , he still did not understand	do you have a light ?
turn	V	5-1	In Vermont , the leaves turn early	I turned my ankle and could n't walk for several days
case	N	3-1	it was a case of bad judgment	a case of the jitters
firewood	N	11-6	After many days of hard work , we finally had enough firewood for the winter .	they collected and cut their own firewood
land	V	5-2	It can be tricky to land a helicopter .	The plane landed in Istanbul
grace	N	7-2	It has become less common to say grace before having dinner .	God 's grace is manifested in the salvation of sinners
footage	N	4-3	he edited the news footage	they had stock footage of lightning , tornados , and hurricanes
keep	V	1-8	I keep a small stock of painkillers for emergencies .	There 's little to earn and many to keep
work	V	4-0	This dough does not work easily	Work the phones
tab	N	4-9	the collar has a tab with a button hole	the filing cards were organized by cards having indexed tabs
poison	N	3-1	We used a poison to kill the weeds .	the poison of fascism
give	V	4-1	I 'm going to give my wife a necklace for her birthday .	He gives of his energies to the organization .
center	N	6-5	he hit the ball to deep center	his stories made him the center of the party
care	V	2-3	I really care about my work	I do n't care
get	V	0-2	get nauseous	the cat got the goldfish
stage	N	3-5	it set the stage for peaceful negotiations	he clambered up onto the stage and got the actors to help him into the box
work	V	4-0	She knows how to work the system	Work the metal into a sword
stretch	V	2-2	I always stretch my muscles before exercising .	His mustache stretched all the way to his sideburns .
hold	V	1-2	To hold true ;    to hold good	The weather held
run	V	4-2	The crowd had to run away from the burning structure with only the clothes on their backs .	Who 's running for treasurer this year ?
session	N	2-6	a filming session	" Are we having a recording session ? " / " Yes . We 've even got some session musicians to provide some brass . "
plundering	N	1-1	his plundering of the great authors	the plundering of the Parthenon
trim	V	0-0	trim lumber	trim an airplane
control	N	3-3	the timing and control of his movements were unimpaired	he had lost control of his sphincters
include	V	9-2	I will purchase the vacation package if you will include car rental .	We must include this chemical element in the group
mask	N	1-5	no mask could conceal his ignorance	they moved in under a mask of friendship
touch	V	12-3	Please can I have a look , if I promise not to touch ?	I would n't touch her with a ten - foot pole
firewood	N	6-11	they collected and cut their own firewood	After many days of hard work , we finally had enough firewood for the winter .
part	N	6-5	they resisted every effort on his part	it requires vigilance on our part
think	V	0-0	think thin	Think big
carry	V	2-3	You must carry your camping gear	This train is carrying nuclear waste
company	N	10-7	the room was a mess because he had n't expected company	Keep the house clean ; I have company coming .
know	V	1-1	I know Latin	Adam knew Eve
business	N	6-15	computers are now widely used in business	He 's such a poor cook , I ca n't believe he 's still in business !
gob	N	4-6	He′s always stuffing his gob with fast food .	Oi , you , shut your gob !
slot	N	5-6	Bob Dylan occupied the top slot for several weeks	he put a quarter in the slot
state	N	4-1	in a weak financial state	his state of health
pulp	V	0-0	pulp wood	pulp fruit
demand	N	3-3	there is a demand for jobs	There is a demand for voluntary health workers in the poorer parts of Africa and Asia .
utility	N	4-7	a computer system provides utility programs to perform the tasks needed by most users	the price of the house included all utilities
run	N	2-0	his daily run keeps him fit	Running is good exercise .
strike	V	2-2	We must strike the enemy 's oil fields	The ship struck a reef .
break	V	10-4	If the vase falls to the floor , it might break .	The flat plain was broken by tall mesas
sense	N	3-1	It 's common sense not to put metal objects in a microwave oven .	Common sense is not so common
heart	N	1-5	the heart and soul of the Republican Party	they ran forward into the heart of the struggle
war	N	9-1	In the US , conservatives rail against the " war on Christmas " .	the war on poverty
appear	V	3-1	He had to appear in court last month	She appeared on several charges of theft
figure	N	4-4	he cut a fine figure	He cut a sorry figure standing there in the rain .
lead	N	9-3	we were just waiting for someone to take the lead	he takes the lead in any group
take	V	4-1	Tomorrow the doctor will take the cast off her arm .	Mother took our plates away and came back with some fruit for us to eat .
hang	V	0-0	hang the venison for a few days	Hang one 's head in shame
roof	N	4-1	I could see the roof of the bear 's mouth	the roof of the cave was very high
company	N	5-7	the house was filled with company when I arrived	Keep the house clean ; I have company coming .
price	N	1-4	the price of gasoline	I paid a high price for my folly .
shortness	N	3-2	there was no shortness of money	can cause shortness of breath
know	V	1-1	I know that I left the key on the table	Galileo knew that the earth moves around the sun
funny	N	3-3	she told a funny story	she made a funny
lob	V	0-2	lob the tennis ball	The guard lobbed a pass just over the defender .
mean	V	1-1	I mean to go to Baddeck this summer .	I meant to take the car in for a smog check , but it slipped my mind .
make	V	0-1	make a move	He made twenty bucks playing poker last night .
sequence	N	1-7	the sequence of names was alphabetical	he invented a technique to determine the sequence of base pairs in DNA
go	V	5-5	These luxuries all had to go under the Khmer Rouge	These ugly billboards have to go !
number	N	7-1	I hope to become one of their number before I die	the number of parameters is small
give	V	0-0	give homage	Give a gulp
fall	V	4-2	The hills around here fall towards the ocean	The estate fell to my sister
make	V	0-4	make one 's way into the forest	How much do you make a month in your new job ?
see	V	3-2	How nice to see you again !	I must see your passport before you can enter the country
past	N	13-2	A book about a time machine that can transport people back into the past	forget the past
point	V	0-2	point a chimney	The gun points with ease
deal	N	4-5	it was a package deal	We need to finalise the deal with Henderson by midnight .
appearance	N	4-5	David Beckham 's first appearance with the LA Galaxy at Giants Stadium against the New York Red Bulls last night drew a crowd of 66237 .	the rookie made a brief appearance in the first period
extend	V	0-0	extend the casserole with a little rice	extend the TV antenna
line	N	2-4	a nice line of shoes	they were arrayed in line of battle
draft	N	4-2	they served beer on draft	His first drafts were better than most authors ' final products .
peak	N	5-1	The stock market reached a peak in September 1929 .	voltage peak
courage	N	5-5	" A great part of courage is the courage of having done the thing before . " —Ralph Waldo Emerson	It takes a lot of courage to be successful in business .
wash	N	14-4	at the end of the year the accounting department showed that it was a wash	My jacket needs a wash .
admit	V	1-1	To admit a serious thought into the mind	She admitted us here .
rock	N	12-3	While we 're in Brighton , let 's get a stick of rock !	he threw a rock at me
hyponym	N	4-3	" A is a hyponym of B " means that " A is a type of B. "	Dog is a hyponym of animal .
coverage	N	6-3	they accused the paper of biased coverage of race relations	There are overlapping coverages on your insurance policies .
address	N	6-6	he failed in his manner of address to the captain	A man of pleasing or insinuating address
origin	N	4-1	the rumor had its origin in idle gossip	vegetable origins
history	N	7-0	a critical time in the school 's history	History repeats itself if we do n't learn from its mistakes .
turn	V	0-0	turn your palm this way	turn the clay on the wheel
unit	N	2-8	change per unit volume	He was a member of a special police unit .
stuff	N	5-4	the trunk was full of stuff	What is all that stuff on your bedroom floor ?
play	N	8-1	insiders said the company 's stock was in play	the play of light on the water
make	V	0-0	make enemies	make friends
toy	V	0-1	toy with an idea	To toy with a piece of food on one 's plate
arouse	V	1-1	To arouse compassion	To arouse jealousy
return	N	12-2	his gross income was enough that he had to file a tax return	on his return from Australia we gave him a welcoming party
accept	V	6-0	The Boy Scouts were going to accept him as a member .	accept students for graduate study
have	V	1-3	I have two years left	I do n't have any money left
pull	N	5-1	Iron fillings drawn by the pull of a magnet	the pull of the current
way	N	4-4	did n't know the way home	if I had my way
give	V	0-0	give a divorce	give the orders
time	N	4-7	he waited a long time	he was a great actor in his time
head	N	4-5	matters came to a head yesterday	Admission is three dollars a head .
recognition	N	4-1	The law was a recognition of their civil rights .	the recognition of the Rio Grande as a boundary between Mexico and the United States
make	V	0-4	make merry	This company is what made you .
finish	N	3-7	The car 's finish was so shiny and new .	he applied a coat of a clear finish
run	V	5-3	I 'm not ready to run a marathon .	let the dogs run free
water	V	4-1	I need to go water the cattle .	We watered the buffalo
life	N	1-1	city life	social life
rotation	N	1-9	crop rotation makes a balanced demand on the fertility of the soil	the manager had only four starting pitchers in his rotation
door	N	3-4	he slammed the door as he left	he knocked on the door
pull	V	0-2	pull a bank robbery	the car pulls to the right
go	V	2-0	Messages must go through diplomatic channels	go about the world in a certain manner
life	N	13-4	Having experienced both , the vampire decided that he preferred ( un)death to life .	He gave up on life .
case	N	2-1	The accusative case canonically indicates a direct object .    Latin has six cases , and remnants of a seventh .	a case of the jitters
take	V	2-1	I 'll take a pound of that sausage	She took up her position behind the tree
industry	N	1-2	American industry is making increased use of computers to control production	frugality and industry are still regarded as virtues
give	V	0-2	give a course	I 'll give you three books for four CDs
take	V	2-2	I 'll take that plate off the table .	We are taking an orphan from Romania
job	N	8-4	estimates of the city 's loss on that job ranged as high as a million dollars	I 've got a job for you - could you wash the dishes ?
head	N	3-5	She gave great head .	they say he gives good head
hand	N	3-2	on the one hand ... , but on the other hand ...	A good hand
defense	N	0-6	defense against hurricanes is an urgent problem	a good boxer needs a good defense
smile	N	4-3	He has a sinister smile .	She had a smile on her face .
crack	N	4-3	Open the door a crack .	there was a crack in the mirror
business	N	4-0	show me where the business was today	Business has been slow lately .
charge	N	5-2	he was arrested on a charge of larceny	the admission charge
construction	N	4-5	He had worked in construction all his life .	I concluded from his awkward constructions that he was a foreigner
patch	N	6-3	I lost my locket in this patch of grass here .	Does n't that patch of clouds looks like a bunny ?
do	V	3-2	What does Bob do ? — He 's a plumber .	This car does 150 miles per hour
connect	V	4-4	The planes do n't connect and you will have to wait for four hours	Operator , could you connect me to the Raffles in Singapore ?
bit	N	4-1	I gave him a bit of my mind	a bit of lint
freshen	V	5-1	I 'm going to go freshen up .	She freshened up after the tennis game
make	V	1-0	I make the height about 100 feet	make an effort
clarity	N	2-5	Lack of clarity on the part of the teacher will cause confusion among the students .	She dreamed , with great clarity , that she had been seen her own death .
time	N	1-3	this time he succeeded	he called four times
ensure	V	4-2	This nest egg will ensure a nice retirement for us	The circumstances ensured that he would arrive in time .
take	V	4-1	This box wo n't take all the items	We took an apartment on a quiet street
take	V	2-3	Can you take this bag , please	How should I take this message ?
connect	V	3-2	This computer will connect well to the network .	Our computers connected .
draw	V	0-2	draw the shades	The ship drew near the shore
judge	V	3-1	I can not judge some works of modern art	The judge pronounced often before , but never so widely press - attended .
play	V	0-1	play water from a hose	Pele played for the Brazilian teams in many important matches
point	N	6-5	he held me up at the point of a gun	The one with the most points will win the game
strike	V	0-0	strike a match	strike fire from the flintstone
break	N	5-5	he finally got his big break	it was presented without commercial breaks
break	V	0-2	break off the negotiations	Nobody can break out -- this prison is high security
trial	N	4-1	he had a fair trial and the jury found him guilty	the trials for the semifinals began yesterday
liver	N	20-5	You could fry up some chicken livers for a tasty treat . — Nah , I do n't like chicken liver .	I 'd like some goose liver pate .
extend	V	0-2	extend a loan	The facts extend beyond a consideration of her personal assets
play	N	5-3	the ball was still in play	he wrote several plays but only one was produced on Broadway
believe	V	11-8	When you hear his sermons , you will be able to believe , too	After that night in the church , I believed .
field	N	5-8	The design needs to be field - tested before we commit to manufacture .	anthropologists do much of their work in the field
stage	N	5-5	The band returned to the stage to play an encore .	he clambered up onto the stage and got the actors to help him into the box
vehicle	N	4-4	his editorials provided a vehicle for his political views	a congregation is a vehicle of group identity
degree	N	13-1	She has two bachelor 's degrees and is studying towards a master 's degree .	90 degrees Fahrenheit is equivalent to 32.2 degrees Celsius .
touch	N	5-9	this dish could use a touch of garlic	Suddenly , in the crowd , I felt a touch at my shoulder .
air	N	0-5	air pollution	her hand stopped in mid air
head	N	5-1	they say he gives good head	200 head of cattle and 50 head of horses
rest	V	4-0	The blame seems to rest with your father .	rest assured
dawn	V	3-5	It started to dawn , and we had to get up	The age of computers had dawned
take	V	5-4	I estimate the trip will take about ten minutes .	Tomorrow the doctor will take the cast off her arm .
break	V	0-5	break an alibi	The horse was tough to break
grave	N	3-4	from cradle to grave	he went to his grave without forgiving me
dig	V	0-0	dig salt	dig out a channel
come	V	3-1	Where did you come from ?	He came from France .
field	N	5-0	The design needs to be field - tested before we commit to manufacture .	Field of view
figure	N	4-4	He cut a sorry figure standing there in the rain .	he cut a fine figure
keep	V	0-2	keep count	I always keep batteries in the freezer
constriction	N	3-3	emotion caused a constriction of his throat	he felt a constriction in her chest
field	N	7-8	There were some cows grazing in a field .	A crop circle was made in a corn field .
unit	N	4-6	The centimetre is a unit of length .	the dollar is the United States unit of currency
cover	V	4-3	The grant does n't cover my salary	The second officer covered the top floor
get	V	3-0	She did n't get his name when they met the first time	get someone mad
make	V	1-1	They make a cute couple	She makes like an actress
run	N	7-3	the defensive line braced to stop the run	I have a run in my stocking .
beg	V	0-0	beg the question	beg the point in the discussion
work	V	4-2	He used pliers to work the wire into shape .	This pilot works the controls
leak	N	6-1	one of the tires developed a leak	The leaks by Chelsea Manning showed the secrets of the US military .
keep	V	0-2	keep food for a week in the pantry	I always keep batteries in the freezer
notice	N	6-1	you did n't give me enough notice	a notice of sale
wall	N	5-1	negotiations ran into a brick wall	the walls of the cylinder were perforated
give	V	0-1	give homage	She gave herself to many men
catch	V	2-0	do n't catch your meaning	Catch some sleep
floor	N	2-7	The pit floor showed where a ring of post holes had been .	Many sunken ships rest on the ocean floor .
mine	N	6-9	He came out of the coal mine with a face covered in black .	Most coal and ore comes from open - pit mines nowadays .
stop	N	2-9	his next stop is Atlanta	They agreed to see each other at the bus stop .
roughcast	V	1-0	To roughcast a wall or building	roughcast a wall
thought	N	2-1	19th century thought	Darwinian thought
break	V	0-4	break into tears	The lawn mower finally broke
blip	N	7-11	renewed jitters in the wake of a blip in retail sales	you ca n't react to the day - to - day blips
head	N	1-1	the head of a comet	the head of the list
line	N	4-1	they were arrayed in line of battle	the line of soldiers advanced with their bayonets fixed
soul	N	1-0	the soul of honor	soul was politically significant during the Civil Rights movement
play	V	3-1	On weekends I play	She played all her money on the dark horse
pick	V	0-0	pick up the tab	pick up the burden of high - interest mortgages
vaccinate	V	1-2	We vaccinate against scarlet fever	The nurse vaccinated the children in the school
scene	N	5-2	The crazy lady made a scene in the grocery store .	he painted scenes from everyday life
finish	N	10-6	when these final episodes are broadcast it will be the finish of the show	the market was up at the finish
missus	N	1-10	The missus has a list of chores for me to do this weekend .	Harry said he could n't stop and chat because his missus wanted to go shopping .
outfitter	N	1-11	an outfitter provided everything needed for the safari	Before his first walking holiday , he went to a specialist outfitter to buy some boots .
label	N	6-1	We laughed at her because the label was still on her new sweater .	The label says this silk scarf should not be washed in the washing machine .
make	V	0-2	make lead into gold	We barely made the plane
difference	N	1-6	the difference in her is amazing	It just wo n't make much difference to me .
arouse	V	1-1	To arouse anger	To arouse jealousy
sublime	V	2-0	some salts sublime when heated	sublime iodine
model	N	3-1	The computer weather model did not correctly predict the path of the hurricane .	a model of clarity
develop	V	0-2	develop a market for the new mobile phone	We must develop more potential customers
roll	V	0-2	roll out the paper	The drawer rolled open .
head	N	5-3	his horse won by a head	he is two heads taller than his little sister
vote	N	6-4	he failed to get the Black vote	American women got the vote in 1920
acknowledgment	N	11-4	she must have seen him but she gave no sign of acknowledgment	the preface contained an acknowledgment of those who had helped her
side	N	5-5	he was on the heavy side	he is on the purchasing side of the business
product	N	3-3	Skill is the product of hours of practice .    His reaction was the product of hunger and fatigue .	skill is the product of hours of practice
be	V	4-1	When will the meeting be ?	I am 75 kilograms .
cry	V	6-1	That sad movie always makes me cry .	She cried bitterly when she heard the news of his death
restraint	N	2-0	the unlawful restraint of trade	restraints imposed on imports
carry	V	2-1	You must carry your camping gear	Amanda carried the package from home to New York .
leave	V	3-1	She wants to leave	He left the Senate after two terms
orbit	N	3-13	in the political orbit of a world power	In the post WWII era , several eastern European countries came into the orbit of the Soviet Union .
coordinate	V	0-0	coordinate our efforts	coordinate the painters , masons , and plumbers
practice	V	2-1	You should practice playing piano every day .	Pianists practice scales
fall	V	0-0	fall into a trap	Fall in love
see	V	3-1	I want to see results	I saw the bet of one of my fellow players
raise	V	0-0	raise the price of bread	raise my salary
rack	V	0-0	rack one 's brains	rack a camera
feeling	N	4-5	he had a great feeling for music	The house gave me a feeling of dread .
turn	V	0-1	turn the earth in the Spring	She turned to her relatives for help
field	N	1-4	Oil field ;    gold field	he longed for the fields of his youth
hit	V	1-0	We hit Detroit by noon	hit a ball
rustle	V	0-4	rustle cattle	the dry leaves were rustling in the breeze
room	N	3-6	hardly enough elbow room to turn around	There was n't that much elbow room in the aircraft .
make	V	3-0	What do you make of his remarks ?	make a mistake
order	N	2-0	law and order	order ruled in the streets
slip	N	8-4	She could n't hurt a fly , young slip of a girl that she is .	he 's a mere slip of a lad
interest	N	2-4	in the interest of safety	Victorian furniture is an interest of mine .
memorability	N	1-6	true memorability of phrase	continuous change results in lack of memorability
discover	V	10-1	The story is false , so far as I can discover	I discovered what he should do .
ride	V	3-2	She loves to ride her new motorcycle through town	The cab rode him downtown .
channel	N	6-2	the ship went aground in the channel	The English Channel lies between France and England .
fatigue	N	1-5	metal fatigue	the soldiers were put on fatigue to teach them a lesson
office	N	5-3	during his first year in office	he rented an office in the new building
keep	V	0-1	keep your cool	he keeps bees
make	V	3-1	This invention will make you a millionaire	He made a fool of himself at the meeting
work	V	5-3	This old radio does n't work anymore	My personal trainer works me hard
strengthen	V	0-3	strengthen the relations between the two countries	This exercise will strengthen your upper body
give	V	0-3	give one 's opinion	The French doors give onto a terrace
take	V	2-0	Can you take this bag , please	Take the case of China
copy	N	3-4	she made a copy of the designer dress	the clone was a copy of its ancestor
block	N	1-7	A block of stone .	the pyramids were built with large stone blocks
dig	V	0-0	dig coal	dig salt
charge	V	2-3	Can I charge this purchase ?	The suspect was charged with murdering his wife
offer	V	0-1	offer resistance	He offered his sympathy
run	V	0-2	run rogue	the heifers run with the bulls to produce offspring
scene	N	3-5	The most moving scene is the final one , where he realizes he has wasted his whole life .	There were some very erotic scenes in the movie , although it was not classified as pornography .
model	N	4-1	he is the very model of a modern major general	a model of clarity
break	V	0-0	break down a proof	break an alibi
fall	V	0-2	fall prey to an imposter	The curtain fell on the diva
institution	N	1-1	the institution of marriage	the institution of slavery
keep	V	1-0	I keep my specimens under glass to protect them .	keep my job for me while I give birth
make	V	3-0	four and four make eight	make an estimate
run	V	2-1	Do n't run -- you'll be out of breath	She ran her fingers along the carved figurine
neighbour	N	1-2	My neighbour has an annoying cat .	They′re our neighbours across the street .
patch	N	6-3	The world economy had a rough patch in the 1930s .	Does n't that patch of clouds looks like a bunny ?
turn	V	0-0	turn the earth in the Spring	turn the heat down
come	V	2-1	These shoes come in three colors	He came through the door .
noise	N	21-10	whatever it was he did n't like it and he was going to let them know by making as loud a noise as he could	the announcement of the election recount caused a lot of noise
block	N	4-7	he held a large block of the company 's stock	the pyramids were built with large stone blocks
time	N	9-3	The judge leniently granted a sentence with no hard time .     He is not living at home because he is doing time .	he had a time holding back the tears
place	N	7-4	he put the lamp back in its place	he has a special place in my thoughts
work	V	0-2	work stone into tools	Can you work an electric drill ?
wealth	N	1-3	great wealth is not a sign of great intelligence	She brings a wealth of knowledge to the project .
take	V	3-1	I used to take The Sunday Times .	We took our seats in the orchestra
right	N	4-4	he writes with his right hand but pitches with his left	hit him with quick rights to the body
turn	V	0-2	turn the clay on the wheel	The people turned against the President when he stole the election
experience	N	3-4	he recalled the experience vividly	he had a religious experience
make	V	3-1	She may not make the grade	We made it !
hold	V	4-0	The auditorium ca n't hold more than 500 people	hold your breath
grain	N	1-1	a grain of sand	A grain of salt
get	V	3-3	What do you get when you add up these numbers ?	My children finally got me to buy a computer
multiplication	N	1-5	this multiplication of cells is a natural correlate of growth	repeated copying leads to a multiplication of errors
one	N	6-4	" driver " , noun : one who drives .	he is the best one
avoid	V	4-3	Her former friends now avoid her	I try to avoid the company of gamblers .
break	V	0-2	break a promise	The surf broke
effect	N	6-5	The new law will come into effect on the first day of next year .	the law is still in effect
play	N	5-1	the ball was still in play	the play of the imagination
apply	V	1-0	I apply this rule to get good results	Apply a magnetic field here
catch	V	6-0	We have a big barrel to catch the rainwater	Catch a show on Broadway
way	N	7-4	he said he was looking for the way out	Do you know the way to the airport ?
break	V	2-3	Nobody can break out -- this prison is high security	I had to break a $ 100 bill just to buy the candy
war	N	2-1	The " war on drugs " is a campaign against the use of narcotic drugs .	the war against crime
ball	N	1-6	the ball rolled into the corner pocket	the mayor threw out the first ball
break	V	6-4	This play will either make or break the playwright	The flat plain was broken by tall mesas
language	N	12-1	the speed with which a program can be executed depends on the language in which it is written	the language introduced is standard throughout the text
make	V	0-1	make advances	They make a cute couple
voice	N	3-1	the wee small voice of conscience	the voice of experience
suffer	V	17-1	I 've been suffering your insults for years ;    we hope you never have to suffer the same pain	He suffered the penalty
form	N	5-9	he filled out his tax form	To apply for the position , complete the application form .
krona	N	1-9	Papīra krona — paper krona ( i.e. , bills , banknotes )	Grāmata maksā piecas kronas — the book costs five krona
start	V	4-1	We simply could not start the engine	John started the party .
resistance	N	4-1	the enemy offered little resistance	The resistance of bacteria to certain antibiotics
baby	N	0-3	baby rabbits	When is your baby due ?
institution	N	4-1	he had become an institution in the theater	the institution of slavery
be	V	2-3	I shall be writing to you soon .	3 times 5 is fifteen .
put	V	2-1	The teacher put an interesting twist to the interpretation of the story	He put all his efforts into this job
space	N	5-5	they stopped at an open space in the jungle	it all happened in the space of 10 minutes
buy	V	5-1	I 'm not going to buy your stupid excuses anymore !	Carmen bought a dress from Diana .
cut	V	0-0	cut a dress	cut a Ping - Pong ball
complexion	N	3-3	a liberal political complexion	he altered the complexion of his times
play	N	1-4	the play lasted two hours	they made a futile play for power
scene	N	3-14	The most moving scene is the final one , where he realizes he has wasted his whole life .	The play is divided into three acts , and in total twenty - five scenes .
catch	V	2-8	do n't catch your meaning	I have to stop for a moment and catch my breath .
art	N	4-1	it 's quite an art	the art of conversation
well	V	1-2	Tears well in her eyes	the currents well up
make	V	3-1	She may not make the grade	I make the height about 100 feet
be	V	4-2	When will the meeting be ?	I shall be writing to you soon .
ribbon	N	2-2	the lighted ribbon of traffic	a mere ribbon of land
defense	N	1-5	in defense he said the other man started it	the artillery battered down the defenses
pay	V	0-0	pay a debt	pay an obligation
go	V	5-6	This chair has got to go .	How fast does your new car go ?
nose	N	4-6	he ducked under the nose of the gun	he has a cold in the nose
inactivation	N	1-2	thermal inactivation of serum samples	the gene inactivation system
smoke	N	5-3	his dreams all turned to smoke	it was just smoke and mirrors
flatten	V	14-0	As there was a lot of damage , we chose the heavy roller to flatten the pitch .	flatten a road
beginning	N	5-1	he was responsible for the beginning of negotiations	the beginning of the war
spell	V	2-1	the workers spell every four hours	To spell the helmsman
behave	V	10-5	His mother threatened to spank him if he did n't behave .	The children must learn to behave
carry	V	4-4	I resent having to carry her all the time	The painting of Mary carries motherly love
drink	N	2-5	likes a drink before dinner	Can I buy you a drink ?
patter	N	1-1	the patter of mice	the patter of tiny feet
origin	N	4-0	the rumor had its origin in idle gossip	origin in sensation
foot	N	4-2	armored from head to foot	his bare feet projected from his trousers
leak	N	1-1	A leak in a gas pipe	A leak in a roof
connect	V	4-2	The new railroad will connect the northern part of the state to the southern part .	Our computers connected .
flatten	V	0-14	flatten a road	As there was a lot of damage , we chose the heavy roller to flatten the pitch .
deference	N	1-1	his deference to her wishes was very flattering	in deference to your wishes
draw	V	10-3	At the start of their turn , each player must draw a card .	The session was drawn to a close
love	N	5-5	he has a very complicated love life	he had n't had any love in months
pain	N	5-10	Your mother is a right pain .	as the intensity increased the sensation changed from tickle to pain
scrambler	N	5-0	their quarterback was a good scrambler	scramblers can often unnerve a better tennis player
mean	V	1-1	I mean no harm	I mean to go to Baddeck this summer .
see	V	3-3	How nice to see you again !	We had to see a psychiatrist
catch	V	3-11	I have to catch a train at 7 o'clock	I have some free time tonight so I think I 'll catch a movie .
touch	V	3-8	She did n't touch her food all night	Are you all right ? You 've hardly touched your lunch .
production	N	2-1	Shakespeare 's production of poetry was enormous	the production of white blood cells
carry	V	1-2	I carry a lot of life insurance	I am carrying his child
run	V	0-1	run a new program on the Mac	They ran twenty blood tests on me and they still do n't know what 's wrong .
baby	N	3-0	When is your baby due ?	baby rabbits
collision	N	6-1	three passengers were killed in the collision	the collision of the two ships resulted in a serious oil spill
lunchtime	N	3-4	It 's almost lunchtime , so I think I 'll finish up later this afternoon .	he observed a regular lunchtime
fall	V	4-3	The line of men fall forward	The cabin pressure fell dramatically
set	N	2-2	the smart set goes there	The country set
trace	V	0-0	trace a design	trace a pattern
tell	V	3-2	I want to tell a story ;    I want to tell you a story .	The father told a story to his child
fish	N	16-7	after the scare about foot - and - mouth disease a lot of people started eating fish instead of meat	they have a chef who specializes in fish
make	V	0-1	make a cake	He made twenty bucks playing poker last night .
field	N	10-8	There are several species of wild flowers growing in this field .	This racehorse is the strongest in a weak field .
case	N	2-7	The accusative case canonically indicates a direct object .    Latin has six cases , and remnants of a seventh .	The teaching consists of theory lessons and case studies .
cot	N	2-1	A roller cot ( the clothing of a drawing roller in a spinning frame )	A cot for a sore finger
cut	V	3-0	Would you please cut the cake ?	cut a dress
ream	V	0-2	ream oranges	the dentist reamed out the debris in the course of the root canal treatment
door	N	3-3	education is the door to success	we closed the door to Haitian immigrants
stay	N	4-4	they had a nice stay in Paris	a four - month stay in bankruptcy court
texture	N	7-5	The beans had a grainy , gritty texture in her mouth .	the wall had a smooth texture
head	N	1-1	200 head of cattle and 50 head of horses	200 head of cattle
nick	N	9-7	He was arrested and taken down to Sun Hill nick police station to be charged .	He 's just been released from Shadwell nick prison after doing ten years for attempted murder .
office	N	4-3	An executive or judical office ; a municipal office	he rented an office in the new building
follow	V	1-1	Teenagers follow their friends in everything	Carter followed Ford
channel	N	1-1	The channel is created by bonding the signals from these four pairs .	a channel is typically what you rent from a telephone company
voice	N	3-1	the wee small voice of conscience	the voice of the law
cut	V	2-1	The coach cut two players from the team	We cut through the neighbor 's yard to get home sooner
shift	V	3-1	you have to shift when you go down a steep hill	He shifted in his seat
break	V	2-2	Kids were break - dancing at the street corner	a man broken by the terrible experience of near - death
run	V	6-0	My computer is too old to run the new OS .	run a temperature
costume	N	6-3	he won the prize for best costume	We wore gorilla costumes to the party .
break	V	0-5	break a law	I ca n't believe she broke 3 under par !
carry	V	1-6	To carry an account to the ledger	How many credits is this student carrying ?
clear	V	0-0	clear the leaves from the lawn	Clear snow from the road
break	V	0-8	break a promise	My daughter 's fancy wedding is going to break me !
stick	N	6-1	The recipe calls for half a stick of butter .	A stick of wood
game	N	7-0	you need four people to play this game	Games in the classroom can make learning fun .
heart	N	2-5	in your heart you know it is true	you have n't got the heart for baseball
cover	V	0-1	cover the grave with flowers	She covered herself with glory
hold	V	0-0	hold in place	hold these truths to be self - evident
weakness	N	1-3	his weakness increased as he became older	he has a weakness for chocolate
resistance	N	1-4	The resistance of bacteria to certain antibiotics	the enemy offered little resistance
line	N	4-3	he got out of line	He drew a line on the chart
break	V	2-6	Let 's break for lunch .	This play will either make or break the playwright
apology	N	10-5	What he said really hurt my feelings , but his apology sounded so sincere that I could n't help but forgive him .	The CEO made a public apology for the scandal , and promised full cooperation with the authorities .
advance	V	2-1	Can you advance me some money ?	To advance one 's interests
block	N	4-13	he held a large block of the company 's stock	since blocks are often defined as a single sector , the terms ` block ' and ` sector ' are sometimes used interchangeably
run	V	0-2	run riot	The speech runs as follows : …
sense	N	1-1	a sense of happiness	a sense of self
hegemony	N	7-1	the consolidation of the United States ' hegemony over a new international economic system	the hegemony of a single member state is not incompatible with a genuine confederation
pay	V	2-2	You 'll pay for this !	You 'll pay for this opinion later
head	N	6-6	At five years of age this head of cattle is worth perhaps $ 40	they tracked him back toward the head of the stream
carry	V	1-4	I carry these thoughts in the back of my head	The painting of Mary carries motherly love
identity	N	2-2	A left identity if I * x = x for any x in the structure	Simply an identity element if both are true
keep	V	8-3	There 's little to earn and many to keep	Where do you keep your gardening tools ?
point	N	2-4	at that point I had to leave	To fall off a point
civilization	N	7-2	he is remembered for his generosity and civilization	early Mayan civilization
raise	V	0-0	raise Cain	raise hell
world	N	1-2	the world of insects	the outdoor world
connect	V	4-2	Operator , could you connect me to the Raffles in Singapore ?	These computers connected well .
run	N	3-4	Nicklaus had a run of birdies	the Yankees scored 3 runs in the bottom of the 9th
cut	V	1-0	She cut all of her major titles again	cut the songs
cover	V	0-2	cover your head !	The period covered the turn of the century
cut	N	3-4	I like the cut of that suit .	a dress of traditional cut
stand	V	2-1	Here I stand , wondering what to do next .	There stood on the corner a statue .
product	N	4-3	his reaction was the product of hunger and fatigue	skill is the product of hours of practice
reaction	N	9-2	You were in the courtroom . What is your reaction ?	a bad reaction to the medicine
face	V	0-1	face the lapels of the jacket	To face the front of a coat , or the bottom of a dress
leak	N	1-1	A leak in a roof	A leak in a gas pipe
finish	N	5-3	the boat had a metallic finish	The car 's finish was so shiny and new .
place	N	5-4	If you were in my place what would you do ?	He comes from a place near Chicago
charge	V	5-4	Will you pay cash or charge the purchase ?	How much do you charge for lunch ?
run	V	6-2	If you see this man , run !	These dresses run small
turn	V	0-0	turn the car around	turn the heat down
light	N	4-7	do you have a light ?	Hey , buddy , you got a light ?
point	N	4-3	life has lost its point	get to the point
see	V	3-2	the doctor will see you now	You 'll see a lot of cheating in this school
head	N	3-6	he stuck his head out the window	they tracked him back toward the head of the stream
carry	V	2-2	These pipes carry waste water into the river	You must carry your camping gear
set	V	3-0	The film is set in Africa	Set the tray down
make	V	0-0	make advances	make a decision
remember	V	1-3	I remember the concert clearly , but I ca n't recollect why I was there .	I ca n't remember saying any such thing
hold	V	0-1	hold one 's nose	I hold with those who say life is sacred
extend	V	2-2	The facts extend beyond a consideration of her personal assets	My memory extends back to my fourth year of life
beat	V	0-0	beat the cream	beat the egg whites
art	N	3-4	How great thou art !	it 's quite an art
fall	V	0-1	fall asleep	She fell ill
fear	V	1-1	I fear the worst will happen .	I fear for their safety .
institution	N	1-4	the institution of marriage	he had become an institution in the theater
save	V	2-3	I 'll save you the trouble	This move will save money
action	N	2-2	A rifle action	the Union action of emancipating Southern slaves
top	V	0-0	top the evening with champagne	Top and tail the carrots .
pull	V	0-0	pull the oars	pull the ball
like	V	1-1	I like jogging	She likes to read Russian novels
narrowness	N	7-3	the problem with achievement tests is the narrowness they impose on students	frustrated by the narrowness of people 's horizons
art	N	1-4	the art of conversation	it 's quite an art
war	N	0-2	war was declared in November but actual fighting did not begin until the following spring	The " war on terror " is a campaign against terrorist crime .
cut	N	4-3	The lawyer took a cut of the profits .	everyone got a cut of the earnings
audience	N	4-7	every artist needs an audience	he saw that he had lost his audience
check	V	8-2	Katie 's sick , so I need to check up on her and see if she needs anything .	I will check up on the car tomorrow .
be	V	2-1	I shall be writing to you soon .	It is hot in Arizona , but it is not usually humid .
fire	N	3-4	he went through fire and damnation	they sat by the fire and talked
position	N	9-1	Stop running all over the field and play your position !	what position does he play ?
line	V	0-1	line one 's pockets	To line the shelves
set	V	1-1	To set a precious stone in a border of metal	To set glass in a sash
be	V	2-4	I shall be writing to you soon .	When will the meeting be ?
mercury	N	1-1	the mercury was falling rapidly	The mercury there has averaged 37.6C , 2.3C above the February norm .
head	N	5-1	the beer had a large head of foam	The head of the compass needle is pointing due north .
skeleton	N	5-4	the battalion was a mere skeleton of its former self	there must be a skeleton somewhere in that family 's closet
break	V	6-3	This play will either make or break the playwright	I had to break a $ 100 bill just to buy the candy
wash	V	9-2	The car is so dirty , we need to wash it .	The nurse washed away the blood
take	V	0-2	take vengeance	I 'll take a pound of that sausage
sale	N	5-8	They are having a clearance sale : 50 % off .	I got some great bargains at their annual sale
tension	N	3-3	there is a tension between these approaches to understanding history	there is a tension created between narrative time and movie time
stretch	V	0-3	stretch out that piece of cloth	The rubber band stretched almost to the breaking point .
order	N	6-5	the machine is now in working order	he put his desk in order
break	V	4-3	The newsman wanted to break a big story , something that would make him famous .	The business partners broke over a tax question
improbability	N	1-6	the improbability of such rare coincidences	impossibility should never be confused with improbability
face	N	6-1	He managed to show a bold face despite his embarrassment .	the face of the city is changing
connect	V	3-2	This computer will connect well to the network .	These computers connected well .
fall	V	0-0	fall prey to an imposter	fall into a trap
heart	N	1-1	the heart and soul of the Republican Party	The heart and soul of any democracy is its electorate .
take	V	3-0	I used to take The Sunday Times .	Take a cookie !
tact	N	4-2	By the use of tact , she was able to calm her jealous husband .	I used tact when I told my fat uncle that his extra weight made him look better .
set	N	3-7	the subjects ' set led them to solve problems the familiar way and to overlook the simpler solution	his instructions deliberately gave them the wrong set
back	N	1-4	the back of the dental chair was adjustable	he stood at the back of the stage
hand	N	2-3	a ranch hand	Give him a hand .
take	V	5-0	I estimate the trip will take about ten minutes .	Take any one of these cards
action	N	4-6	he is out of action	the piano had a very stiff action
get	V	2-3	did you get it ?	She did n't get the joke
run	N	3-3	she got a run in her stocking	I have a run in my stocking .
piece	N	3-3	he sacrificed a piece to get a strategic advantage	he needed a piece of granite
operation	N	8-5	they paid taxes on every stage of the operation	a large - scale farming operation
normalize	V	0-0	normalize relations with China	normalize the temperature
take	V	2-0	I 'll take that plate off the table .	Take the case of China
water	N	7-6	He showed me the river of living water , sparkling like crystal , flowing from the throne of God .	he asked for a drink of water
keep	V	9-1	Our grant has run out and we can not keep you on	We kept the work going as long as we could
turn	V	0-0	turn a key	turn the dial to 10
point	N	2-3	the main point on the agenda was taken up first	what is the point of discussing it ?
baby	N	3-1	When is your baby due ?	the baby of the Supreme Court
stand	V	3-0	Where do you stand on the War ?	standing water
class	N	5-1	she has a lot of class	The class of all sets is not a set .
keep	V	0-2	keep appointments	The students keep me on my toes
origin	N	1-1	mineral origin	vegetable origins
charge	V	4-2	How much do you charge for lunch ?	The speaker charged up the crowd with his inflammatory remarks
draw	V	1-2	To draw a memorial , a deed , or bill of exchange	The comedian drew a lot of laughter
carry	V	1-2	I carry her image in my mind 's eye	This paper carries a restaurant review
score	N	2-1	settling a score	the score was 7 to 0
cut	V	0-0	cut my hair	cut the engine
gather	V	2-0	Let 's gather in the dining room	gather some stones
foot	N	1-2	the foot of the mountain	his bare feet projected from his trousers
recognition	N	2-1	give her recognition for trying	molecular recognition drives all of biology , for instance , hormone and receptor or antibody - antigen interactions or the organization of molecules into larger biologically active entities
plane	N	7-4	any line joining two points on a plane lies wholly on that plane	the cabinetmaker used a plane for the finish work
break	V	6-4	I do n't know how to break this to you , but your cat is not coming back .	The newsman wanted to break a big story , something that would make him famous .
dig	V	0-0	dig coal	dig out a channel
course	N	3-4	he took a course in basket weaving	she prepared a three course meal
flick	V	0-2	flick a piece of paper across the table	The lights flicked on and off
follow	V	0-0	follow the trail	Follow a pattern
word	N	5-4	he did n't say a word about it	Can I have a word with you ?
return	N	1-12	in return we gave them as good as we got	his gross income was enough that he had to file a tax return
gravitation	N	1-0	the gravitation between two bodies is proportional to the product of their masses and inversely proportional to the square of the distance between them	Gravitation är svagare än elektromagnetismen , men påverkar all materia och energi .
connect	V	3-2	This computer will connect well to the network .	Can you connect the two loudspeakers ?
drink	V	6-3	No thanks , I do n't drink .	We were up drinking all night
water	N	5-4	they were sitting by the water 's edge	they invaded our territorial waters
hit	V	3-2	The temperature could hit 110 F tomorrow .	The thermometer hit 100 degrees
sign	N	6-4	Their angry expressions were a clear sign they did n't want to talk .	The hunters found deer sign at the end of the trail .
keep	V	0-1	keep my job for me while I give birth	he keeps bees
direction	N	4-3	they proposed a new direction for the firm	he checked the direction and velocity of the wind
admit	V	1-2	To admit evidence in the trial of a cause	This pipe admits air
cut	V	0-0	cut a hole	cut trenches
ground	N	6-2	they fought to regain the lost ground	they gained ground step by step
purchase	V	5-1	$ 50 wo n't even purchase a dress .	Carmen purchased a dress for $ 50 .
institution	N	1-4	the institution of slavery	he had become an institution in the theater
cut	V	0-0	cut the noise	cut a caper
sale	N	3-8	they held a sale to reduce their inventory	I got some great bargains at their annual sale
throw	V	0-2	throw accusations at someone	The horse threw its inexperienced rider
unit	N	1-6	a unit of wheat is a bushel	the word is a basic linguistic unit
strike	V	2-2	We must strike the enemy 's oil fields	The Germans struck Poland on Sept. 1 , 1939
water	N	7-7	the town debated the purification of the water supply	first you have to cut off the water
fail	V	6-6	Where do today 's public schools fail ?	The attempt to rescue the hostages failed miserably
head	N	1-6	the head of the list	A reduction in the assessment per head of sheep
draw	V	0-2	draw pulp from the fruit	This horse draws well .
leave	V	3-4	She wants to leave	His good luck finally left him
line	N	2-5	A dedicated line	Please speak up , the line is very faint .
stretch	N	10-8	To say crossing the street was brave was quite a stretch .	I was right in the middle of a stretch when the phone rang .
antique	V	0-2	antique furniture	We went antiquing on Saturday
fill	N	4-11	she had heard her fill of gossip	Do n't feed him any more : he 's had his fill .
head	N	2-7	under the head of minor Roman poets	We will consider performance issues under the head of future improvements .
be	V	4-1	When will the meeting be ?	There were two hundred people at his funeral
chance	N	3-3	We had the chance to meet the president last week .	now is your chance
copy	N	4-3	the clone was a copy of its ancestor	she made a copy of the designer dress
block	V	0-0	block a muscle	block a nerve
use	V	2-1	We can use this mathematical formula to solve the problem .	She uses her influential friends to get jobs
fire	N	8-2	they retreated in the face of withering enemy fire	hold your fire until you can see the whites of their eyes
face	N	4-4	dew dripped from the face of the leaf	They climbed the north face of the mountain .
key	N	1-1	the key to development is economic integration	The key to solving this problem is persistence .
purchase	V	5-2	$ 50 wo n't even purchase a dress .	The family purchased a new car
action	N	9-1	gawkers always try to get as close to the action as possible	the action is no longer in technology stocks but in municipal bonds
furniture	N	6-9	there was only one piece of furniture in the room	The woman does not even have one stick of furniture moved in yet .
take	V	4-1	Tomorrow the doctor will take the cast off her arm .	He took off his shoes .
discover	V	10-1	The story is false , so far as I can discover	I discovered how to do it .
trial	N	5-1	candidates must compete in a trial of skill	the trials for the semifinals began yesterday
advance	V	1-1	To advance one 's interests	To advance the ripening of fruit
throw	V	6-0	Throw a shoe ;     throw a javelin ;     the horse threw its rider	Throw a glance
make	V	3-3	This invention will make you a millionaire	This salary increase makes no difference to my standard of living
connection	N	1-4	the connection between church and state is inescapable	My headache has no connection with me going out last night .
pay	V	3-1	Crime does n't pay ;     it will pay to wait	It pays to go through the trouble
operation	N	2-6	the cognitive operation of remembering	that rule is no longer in operation
ditch	V	0-0	ditch a car	ditch a plane
laugh	V	4-1	Paul laughed a cheerful laugh .	She laughed her excitement .
run	V	8-3	These dyes and colors are guaranteed not to run	The sale will run for ten days .
act	V	3-1	She wants to act Lady Macbeth , but she is too young for the role	He acted the idiot
film	N	6-1	the table was covered with a film of dust	the film was shot on location
space	N	3-1	the architect left space in front of the building	the space between his teeth
window	N	3-6	they had a window of less than an hour when an attack would have succeeded	You have a two - hour window of clear weather to finish working on the lawn .
enthalpy	N	0-10	enthalpy is the amount of energy in a system capable of doing mechanical work	H = U + p V , where H is enthalpy , U is internal energy , p is pressure , and V is volume .
turn	V	0-0	turn the heat down	turn your palm this way
stick	V	0-2	stick the corner of the sheet under the mattress	The friends stuck together through the war
light	N	7-7	Hey , buddy , you got a light ?	although he saw it in a different light , he still did not understand
echo	N	4-6	Napoleon III was an echo of the mighty Emperor but an infinitely better man	his contention contains more than an echo of Rousseau
process	V	0-0	process iron	process the applicants
see	V	2-8	Can you see the bird in that tree ?	You have to be a good observer to see all the details
tolerate	V	13-4	I like the way he plays the guitar , but I ca n't tolerate his voice when he sings .	The patient does not tolerate the anti - inflammatory drugs we gave him
origin	N	1-0	mineral origin	origin in sensation
help	V	3-3	She could not help watching the sad spectacle	I ca n't help myself -- I have to smoke
due	N	3-4	Give him his due — he is a good actor .	give the devil his due
appearance	N	5-4	it was Bernhardt 's last appearance in America	A person makes his appearance as an historian , an artist , or an orator .
make	V	0-2	make an effort	We barely made the plane
fire	N	3-4	There was a fire at the school last night and the whole place burned down .	We sat around the fire singing songs and telling stories .
rubric	N	6-6	* That would fall under the rubric of things we can ignore for now .	it is usually discussed under the rubric of ` functional obesity '
connect	V	4-5	The planes do n't connect and you will have to wait for four hours	The local train does not connect with the Amtrak train
face	N	4-6	They climbed the north face of the mountain .	Put a big sign on each face of the building that can be seen from the road .
back	V	2-3	Can you back up your claims ?	I ca n't back this plan
hold	V	0-5	hold your tongue	About a dozen animals were held inside the stockade
beat	V	1-0	I beat the traffic	beat the subway fare
come	V	0-8	come out of the closet !	I was standing on the corner when Nick came up and asked for a cigarette .
break	V	0-6	break cigarette smoking	This play will either make or break the playwright
operation	N	2-2	the cognitive operation of remembering	a multinational operation
presence	N	4-6	he tested for the presence of radon	Any painter can benefit from the presence of a live model from which to draw .
make	V	0-5	make a fire	Again , the cat had made on the expensive rug
place	N	8-5	Do you want to come over to my place later ?	a political system with no place for the less prominent groups
focus	V	1-1	Please focus on your studies and not on your hobbies	We focused on reading the book .
make	V	1-1	Clothes make the man	She made ten points in that game .
plane	N	5-5	he lived on a worldly plane	we will refer to the plane of the graph as the X - Y plane
take	V	0-0	take sick	Take the plunge
birth	N	4-4	they divorced after the birth of the child	his election signaled the birth of a new age
cut	V	2-0	The car cut to the left at the intersection	cut a Ping - Pong ball
voice	N	5-3	the Times is not the voice of New York	conservatism has many voices
electrify	V	1-3	To electrify a jar	This patriotic sentiment electrified the audience .
care	V	3-3	He does n't care about how / whether she comes .	I do n't care what he does .
gather	V	0-12	gather the close family members	If you want to emphasise the shape , it is possible to gather the waistline .
strike	V	0-2	strike a match	The teacher struck the child
draw	V	0-0	draw on a cigarette	draw a deep breath
stream	N	0-1	stream of consciousness	two streams of development run through American history
break	V	0-2	break a branch from a tree	The clouds broke after the heavy downpour
side	N	1-5	Which side of the tray shall I put it on ?	he is on the purchasing side of the business
foot	N	1-1	the foot of the page	the foot of the list
pack	V	1-1	To pack goods in a box ;    to pack fish	Crowds packed the stands .
make	V	1-6	Clothes make the man	One swallow does not a summer make
unit	N	4-1	the team is a unit	a unit of wheat is a bushel
play	N	5-8	the ball was still in play	insiders said the company 's stock was in play
make	V	0-0	make a cake	make a dress
turn	V	0-0	turn the car around	turn your dance partner around
shade	N	8-8	his brother 's success left him in the shade	an achievement that puts everything else in the shade
head	N	1-6	the head of the page	A reduction in the assessment per head of sheep
hunger	N	0-3	hunger for affection	I have a hunger to win .
touch	V	3-3	She did n't touch her food all night	The two buildings touch
finish	N	2-5	when the finish is too thin it is difficult to apply evenly	the boat had a metallic finish
work	V	4-0	He used pliers to work the wire into shape .	work the raisins into the dough
contact	N	5-5	litmus paper turns red on contact with an acid	they forget to solder the contacts
wall	N	4-2	We 're adding another wall in this room during the remodeling .	the south wall had a small window
make	V	0-3	make up a room	The dog had made in the flower beds
branch	N	1-6	a branch of Congress	he broke off one of the branches
cut	V	0-1	cut a disk	She cut him dead at the meeting
end	N	3-1	she knotted the end of the thread	the end of the pier
misplay	V	1-1	His misplay in the bridge tournament was penalized when it was noted he 'd broken the rules .	I misplayed the tennis shot , I should have hit it to her right instead of left and she 'd have had more trouble returning it .
hold	V	1-0	I hold him personally responsible	hold these truths to be self - evident
process	N	16-3	This product of last month 's quality standards committee is quite good , even though the process was flawed .	events now in process
come	V	3-2	Nothing good will come of this	A scream came from the woman 's mouth
block	N	7-7	Anne Boleyn placed her head on the block and awaited her execution .	the pyramids were built with large stone blocks
face	N	6-7	Put a big sign on each face of the building that can be seen from the road .	She wanted to wipe him off the face of the earth .
lift	N	7-2	some actresses have more than one face lift	Take the lift to the fourth floor .
point	N	4-3	life has lost its point	he broke the point of his pencil
krona	N	8-4	Kronas kurss — the exchange rate of the krona	Piecas kronas — five krona
mean	V	1-3	I mean no harm	` maison ' means ` house ' in French
make	V	0-1	make a stir	She made as if to say hello to us
communicate	V	2-6	Do you communicate well with your advisor ?	He and his sons have n't communicated for years
keep	V	2-0	I always keep batteries in the freezer	Keep on working !
meeting	N	4-1	there was an informal meeting in my living room	his meeting with the salesmen was the high point of his day
fair	N	1-1	book fair	trade fair
give	V	4-2	I 'm going to give my wife a necklace for her birthday .	Pollini is giving another concert in New York
make	V	0-2	make up a room	We barely made it to the finish line
loaf	N	1-1	sugar loaf	meat loaf
cut	V	0-3	cut a dress	Would you please cut the cake ?
spring	N	8-6	the emerging buds were a sure sign of spring	You can visit me in the spring , when the weather is bearable .
give	V	1-0	I give you two minutes to respond	give priority to
fit	V	4-12	How does this shirt fit ?	If I lose a few kilos , the gorgeous wedding dress might fit me .
pull	V	6-1	You 're going to have to pull harder to get that cork out of the bottle .	He pulled out his gun before she had a chance to scream .
air	N	6-4	a smell of chemicals in the air	I need some fresh air
draw	V	0-7	draw a wagon	A ship 's sail is said to draw when it is filled with wind .
streak	N	5-7	I was on a winning streak until the fourth game , where I was dealt terrible cards .	I hope I can keep up this streak of accomplishments .
turn	V	0-1	turn the legs of the table	people turn to mysticism at the turn of a millennium
baby	N	3-1	When is your baby due ?	the baby of the family
make	V	1-1	To make like a deer caught in the headlights .	They made nice together , as if their fight never happened .
fit	V	12-4	If I lose a few kilos , the gorgeous wedding dress might fit me .	How does this shirt fit ?
cut	V	5-0	Cut orders ;    cut a check	cut a caper
subject	N	7-2	teachers should be well trained in their subject	Her favorite subject is physics .
cut	V	8-1	We had to lose weight , so we cut the sugar from our diet	She cut all of her major titles again
ride	V	2-3	Do n't ride the clutch !	Did you ever ride a camel ?
play	V	3-3	Charlie likes to play Mary	She has been playing on Broadway for years
drag	N	7-6	he went to the party dressed in drag	the waitresses looked like missionaries in drag
mean	V	1-3	I mean to go to Baddeck this summer .	I did n't mean to knock your tooth out .
touch	V	10-2	Can he reach ? " " The chair must not touch the wall	Their hands touched
cut	V	0-0	cut the engine	cut recording tape
side	N	5-4	he is on the purchasing side of the business	Look on the bright side .
start	V	4-0	We simply could not start the engine	Start a foundation
work	V	4-1	She knows how to work the system	She works as a waitress to put herself through college
smoke	N	3-5	it was just smoke and mirrors	he showed batters nothing but smoke
cut	V	1-0	We cut through the neighbor 's yard to get home sooner	cut the engine
experience	N	4-3	he had a religious experience	It was an experience he would not soon forget .
goal	N	2-2	the winning goal came with less than a minute left to play	My lifelong goal is to get into a Hollywood movie .
know	V	6-3	It is vital that he not know .    She knew of our plan .	I want to know who is winning the game !
quality	N	13-1	A peasant is not allowed to fall in love with a lady of quality .	the quality of students has risen
face	N	2-4	an angry face	dew dripped from the face of the leaf
admit	V	1-1	To admit evidence in the trial of a cause	She admitted us here .
check	N	2-3	Put a check mark in the box corresponding to the correct answer .	they made a check of their equipment
bit	N	3-5	he had a bit of good luck	A horse hates having a bit put in its mouth .
patch	N	3-6	Does n't that patch of clouds looks like a bunny ?	I lost my locket in this patch of grass here .
cut	V	0-0	cut a record	cut bourbon
see	V	4-3	The minister does n't see anybody before noon	the doctor will see you now
play	V	0-2	play water from a hose	The fountains played all day
mean	V	1-9	I mean no harm	The sky is red this morning — does that mean we 're in for a storm ?
opening	N	4-6	there was a small opening between the trees	A salamander darted out of an opening in the rocks .
interpreter	N	5-11	his paintings reveal a sensitive interpreter of nature	Programs written in the BASIC language are usually run through an interpreter , though some can be compiled .
hit	V	2-3	We were hit by really bad weather	The temperature could hit 110 F tomorrow .
act	V	3-3	The governor should act on the new energy bill	think before you act
inclusion	N	3-1	he admired the inclusion of so many ideas in such a short work	an inclusion in the cytoplasm of the cell
make	V	0-1	make clay into bricks	Harry made Sally
priority	N	3-8	national independence takes priority over class struggle	He set his e - mail message 's priority to high .
table	N	4-4	it was a sturdy table	he entertained the whole table with his witty remarks
check	V	8-2	Katie 's sick , so I need to check up on her and see if she needs anything .	The heat checked the paint
cut	V	3-0	Would you please cut the cake ?	cut a hole
head	N	3-1	They shot 20 head of quail	200 head of cattle and 50 head of horses
make	V	0-0	make love , not war	make an effort
give	V	0-2	give a course	The draft gave me a cold
furniture	N	2-9	How much furniture did they leave behind ?	The woman does not even have one stick of furniture moved in yet .
business	N	0-4	business is good today	show me where the business was today
volume	N	1-1	The volume of ticket sales decreased this week .	the volume of exports
news	N	3-2	Is there any news about the storm ?	That 's news to me .
roll	V	0-1	roll out the paper	She rolled the ball
scene	N	3-14	he made a scene	The play is divided into three acts , and in total twenty - five scenes .
play	N	3-4	they gave full play to the artist 's talent	there was too much play in the steering wheel
move	V	6-2	Come on guys , let 's move : there 's work to do !	We must move quickly
render	V	0-3	render fat in a casserole	They had to render the estate
term	N	1-7	The term allowed to a debtor to discharge his debt	he left school before the end of term
have	V	1-0	I have a house and a car .	have an assistant
image	N	7-1	the company tried to project an altruistic image	the image of f(x ) = x^2 is the set of all non - negative real numbers if the domain of the function is the set of all real numbers
business	N	5-3	he bought his brother 's business	a racially integrated business concern
lead	N	4-4	he took a long lead off first	it was an amusing lead - in to a very serious matter
make	V	7-8	A good review by this critic will make your play !	She married into wealth and so has it made .
make	V	4-1	How much do you make a month in your new job ?	We made for the mountains
practice	V	1-2	Pianists practice scales	You should practice playing piano every day .
leak	N	1-1	A leak in a roof	A leak in a boat
approach	V	0-0	approach a task	approach a new project
connection	N	4-3	My headache has no connection with me going out last night .	there was a connection via the internet
fill	V	0-2	fill a container	The liquid fills the container
break	V	7-4	Is it your or my turn to break ?	The first winter storm broke over New York
take	V	2-0	Do you take me for a fool ?	Take a cookie !
face	N	6-1	He managed to show a bold face despite his embarrassment .	The face of this company .
strike	V	0-0	strike a balance	strike a bargain
hour	N	3-7	I spent an hour at lunch .	the job will take more than an hour
drink	N	5-2	I asked for a hot drink	likes a drink before dinner
take	V	0-2	take a risk	I 'll take that plate off the table .
hold	V	0-0	hold these truths to be self - evident	hold your temper
spread	V	0-0	spread information	spread your arms
foot	N	1-4	one foot of the chair was on the carpet	armored from head to foot
include	V	2-9	We must include this chemical element in the group	I will purchase the vacation package if you will include car rental .
season	N	4-7	he celebrated his 10th season with the ballet company	she always looked forward to the avocado season
coverage	N	3-11	the dictionary 's coverage of standard English is excellent	Do n't go to lunch if we do n't have enough coverage for the help - desk phones .
night	N	5-4	How do you sleep at night when you attack your kids like that ! ?	it vanished into the night
story	N	6-1	Our shop was on the fourth story of the building , so we had to install an elevator .	the story of exposure to lead
get	V	3-1	Where did she get these news ?	I got funny spots all over my body
head	N	1-1	a head of cauliflower	a head of lettuce
suck	V	0-1	suck the poison from the place where the snake bit	this sucks !
run	N	15-4	He went to Las Vegas and spent all his money over a three - day run .	I 'm having a run of bad luck .
apology	N	5-10	he wrote a letter of apology to the hostess	What he said really hurt my feelings , but his apology sounded so sincere that I could n't help but forgive him .
point	N	4-5	To fall off a point	they sailed south around the point
scale	N	1-6	the scale of the model	There are some who question the scale of our ambitions .
field	N	8-3	A crop circle was made in a corn field .	he planted a field of wheat
write	V	6-1	How many books did Georges Simenon write ?	Please write to me every week
extract	V	0-0	extract a bad tooth	extract information from the telegram
krona	N	9-1	Grāmata maksā piecas kronas — the book costs five krona	Papīra krona — paper krona ( i.e. , bills , banknotes )
recognition	N	1-2	increasing recognition that diabetes frequently coexists with other chronic diseases	a sudden recognition of the problem he faced
ghost	N	4-7	Everyone showed that the ghost of an old lady haunted this crypt .	he looked like he had seen a ghost
break	V	0-2	break a law	Let 's break for lunch .
well	V	2-1	the currents well up	Tears well in her eyes
shock	N	5-8	the armies met in the shock of battle	The train hit the buffers with a great shock .
time	N	9-7	The judge leniently granted a sentence with no hard time .     He is not living at home because he is doing time .	Okay , but this is the last time . No more after that !
bankruptcy	N	1-1	spiritual bankruptcy	moral bankruptcy
field	N	11-8	The set of rational numbers , \mathbbQ , is the prototypical field .	the set of all rational numbers is a field
pack	V	3-0	You had better pack your swollen ankle with ice	pack the books into the boxes
give	V	4-1	This material does n't give	He gave the first of many toasts at the birthday party
render	V	0-0	render the brick walls in the den	render thanks
likelihood	N	1-2	The likelihood is that the inflation rate will continue to rise .	In all likelihood the meeting will be cancelled .
break	V	2-1	let 's break for lunch	I broke in the new intern
right	N	4-1	he writes with his right hand but pitches with his left	Certain rights can never be granted to the government but must be kept in the hands of the people"- Eleanor Roosevelt
block	N	4-4	he held a large block of the company 's stock	he reserved a large block of seats
cut	V	8-2	We had to lose weight , so we cut the sugar from our diet	The Vietnamese cut a lot of timber while they occupied Cambodia
circus	N	8-1	he ran away from home to join the circus	The circus will be in town next week .
approach	V	1-2	To approach the city	Do n't approach that house .
strike	V	2-0	We will strike a medal in your honour .	strike a medal
forbid	V	2-2	The rules forbid smoking .	The rules forbid our smoking .
development	N	9-7	The organism has reached a crucial stage in its development .	Our news team brings you the latest developments .
tab	N	4-4	files with a red tab will be stored separately	the collar has a tab with a button hole
run	V	5-4	I 'm not ready to run a marathon .	The car is still running -- turn it off !
label	N	1-6	The label says this silk scarf should not be washed in the washing machine .	We laughed at her because the label was still on her new sweater .
head	N	2-1	under the head of minor Roman poets	the head of the hammer
raise	V	0-0	raise a mutiny	raised edges
study	N	4-4	he is a quick study	no schools offer graduate study in interior design
train	N	4-10	they joined the wagon train for safety	Unfortunately , the leading bridesmaid stepped on the bride 's train as they were walking down the aisle .
year	N	2-3	A normal year has 365 full days , but there are 366 days in a leap year .	she is 4 years old
disband	V	4-2	The president wanted to disband the scandal - plagued agency .	the principal disbanded the political student organization
number	N	8-5	she refused to give them her Social Security number	she preferred the black nylon number
mire	N	3-10	caught in the mire of poverty	the country is still trying to climb out of the mire left by its previous president
take	V	3-2	You ca n't take credit for this !	The story took a new turn
flatten	V	14-2	As there was a lot of damage , we chose the heavy roller to flatten the pitch .	Mary would flatten the dough before rolling it into pretzels .
business	N	7-0	They did nearly a million dollars of business over the long weekend .	business is good today
call	N	4-4	he placed a phone call to London	I received several phone calls today .
make	V	0-1	make merry	She makes like an actress
quota	N	5-1	all the salesmen met their quota for the month	the quota for Japanese imports was negotiated
limitation	N	6-2	it is growing rapidly with no limitation in sight	statute of limitations
meaning	N	3-1	what is the meaning of this sentence	The meaning of life
head	N	1-6	200 head of cattle	This song keeps going through my head .
life	N	1-2	city life	Get a life .
ball	N	6-1	the mayor threw out the first ball	the ball travelled 90 mph on his serve
take	V	2-0	Do you take me for a fool ?	take shelter from the storm
question	N	1-3	The question of seniority will be discussed at the meeting .	There was a question of which material to use .
disk	N	2-3	Venus ' disk cut off light from the Sun .	the moon 's disk hung in a cloudless sky
make	V	2-2	He will make a splendid father !	She 'll make a fine president .
difficulty	N	6-1	finished the test only with great difficulty	had difficulty walking
cover	V	8-0	When the pot comes to a boil , cover it and reduce the heat to medium .	cover the child with a blanket
sophisticate	V	11-1	Yet Butler professes to stick to plain facts , not to sophisticate , not to refine . — M. Arnold .	To sophisticate the understanding . — Southey .
trust	V	3-3	We can not trust anyone who deceives us .	In God We Trust - written on denominations of US currency
ply	V	0-1	ply your wits !	He plied his trade as carpenter for forty - three years .
silence	N	4-3	there was a shocked silence	he gestured for silence
run	V	2-2	Do n't run that software unless you have permission . '	The film runs 5 hours
fish	N	7-16	they have a chef who specializes in fish	after the scare about foot - and - mouth disease a lot of people started eating fish instead of meat
business	N	7-0	They did nearly a million dollars of business over the long weekend .	Business has been slow lately .
foot	N	4-1	curled up on the foot of the bed	the foot of the list
read	V	1-2	She read my mind and promptly rose to get me a glass of water .	I can read his feelings in his face .
hold	V	2-0	She can hold an audience spellbound	Hold this bowl for a moment , please
edge	N	3-4	the water 's edge	she sat on the edge of the bed
quality	N	1-8	the quality of mercy is not strained "-- Shakespeare	Security , stability , and efficiency are good qualities of an operating system .
see	V	3-2	I want to see whether she speaks French	Could you see about lunch ?
connect	V	3-1	This computer will connect well to the network .	Herman connected the computers .
scale	N	1-1	the scale of the model	the scale of the map
grow	V	4-3	her hair does n't grow much anymore	Corn does n't grow here
notice	N	1-2	a notice of sale	an obituary notice
touch	N	2-5	the cooling touch of the night air	this piano has a wonderful touch
pull	V	0-7	pull a sled	You 'll be sent home if you pull another stunt like that .
raise	V	1-5	To raise your hand if you want to say something ; to raise your walking stick to defend yourself	A few important questions were raised after the attack .
universe	N	6-11	they study the evolution of the universe	Powerful telescopes look far back into the distant reaches of the Universe .
dwelling	N	4-2	he built a modest dwelling near the pond	Philip 's dwelling fronted on the street . - Alfred Tennyson
move	V	1-1	I move to repel the rule regarding obligatory school uniform .	He moved his hand slightly to the right
product	N	1-1	the product of 2 and 3 is 6	The product of 2 and 3 is 6 .    The product of 2 , 3 , and 4 is 24 .
point	N	4-3	life has lost its point	what is the point of discussing it ?
fatigue	N	13-6	after watching TV with her husband she had a bad case of football fatigue	the American public is experiencing scandal fatigue
see	V	2-0	I must see your passport before you can enter the country	See whether you can come tomorrow
note	N	5-3	it ended on a sour note	he detected a note of sarcasm
break	V	0-2	break cigarette smoking	The surf broke
fire	N	4-4	We sat around the fire singing songs and telling stories .	barbecue over an open fire
try	V	2-0	I shall try my skills on this ;    you are trying my patience	try the yak butter
make	V	0-0	make revolution	make merry
cover	V	0-2	cover her face with a handkerchief	this should cover everyone in the group
subject	N	2-7	Her favorite subject is physics .	teachers should be well trained in their subject
get	V	3-2	She did n't get to Chicago until after midnight	The blow got him in the back
stay	N	4-3	a four - month stay in bankruptcy court	a lengthy hospital stay
drop	V	2-1	New Englanders drop their post - vocalic r 's	She dropped acid when she was a teenager
life	N	5-6	the battery had a short life	he lived a long and happy life
head	N	1-1	200 head of cattle	the head of the list
drop	N	8-3	it was a miracle that he survived the drop from that height	there was a drop in pressure in the pulmonary artery
light	N	5-5	it brought the scandal to light	he could paint the lightest light and the darkest dark
bed	N	8-7	There 's a lot of trash on the bed of the river .	he searched for treasure on the ocean bed
cast	N	2-5	the delicate cast of his features	Her features had a delicate cast to them .
leave	V	6-2	At what time does your train leave ?	Her blood left a stain on the napkin
see	V	3-1	I want to see whether she speaks French	I saw their laughing and joking .
burn	V	4-2	He watched the house burn .	Maple wood burns well
head	N	5-1	his horse won by a head	the head of the hammer
swimsuit	N	3-15	Put on your swimsuit and let 's go for a swim .	Jade refused to go swimming with her brother until he helped her find her favorite swimsuit .
break	V	6-2	If the new teacher wo n't break , we 'll add some stress	Things began breaking bad for him when his parents died .
break	V	2-4	Kids were break - dancing at the street corner	The flat plain was broken by tall mesas
truth	N	4-0	the lawyer questioned the truth of my account	Truth to one 's own feelings is all - important in life .
baby	N	4-1	this project is his baby	Hey baby , what are you doing later ?
patch	V	0-3	patch the skirt	The field was patched with snow
face	N	4-3	dew dripped from the face of the leaf	Why the sad face ?
softness	N	10-6	orders have recently picked up after a period of extreme softness	he attributes the disappointing results to softness in the economy
distance	N	8-2	if that happens it will be at some distance in the future	at a distance of ten years he had forgotten many of the details
garage	V	3-1	we do n't garage our car	We garaged the convertible during the monsoon months .
case	N	5-2	it may rain in which case the picnic will be canceled	A door case ; a window case
introduce	V	0-0	introduce exotic fruits	introduce legislation
field	N	3-0	The farmer 's field was a civil war battleground , and relics such a minnie bullets were frequently found while plowing .	Field of view
year	N	2-5	This Chinese year is the year of the Rooster .	I was born in the year 1950 .
give	V	0-2	give a divorce	The wall gave in
play	V	0-4	play a hooked fish	She acts in this play
dibs	N	3-0	Who 's got dibs on the chips ?	Dibs means I get the hammock .
feeling	N	5-3	The house gave me a feeling of dread .	she had a feeling of euphoria
concern	N	4-8	a racially integrated business concern	The employees ' attitude is really hurting the concern .
priority	N	8-3	He set his e - mail message 's priority to high .	national independence takes priority over class struggle
point	N	3-8	he missed the point of the joke	the cannibal 's teeth were filed to sharp points
join	V	2-1	I will join you watching the football game as soon as I have finished my work .	She joined him for a drink
improbability	N	6-1	impossibility should never be confused with improbability	the improbability of such rare coincidences
system	N	5-1	he bought a new stereo system	the system consists of a motor and a small computer
wall	N	2-1	the south wall had a small window	a wall of water
dress	V	0-0	dress the patient	dress the plants in the garden
raise	V	0-0	raise the roof	raise Cain
behalf	N	4-2	campaigning in his own behalf	in your behalf
war	N	2-2	The " war on drugs " is a campaign against the use of narcotic drugs .	The " war on terror " is a campaign against terrorist crime .
break	V	5-2	The horse was tough to break	The recession broke some small businesses .
term	N	7-5	he left school before the end of term	He was sentenced to a term of six years in prison .
play	V	0-1	play with her feelings	She plays on her clients ' emotions
break	V	0-0	break a promise	break a circuit
see	V	3-4	the doctor will see you now	The minister does n't see anybody before noon
work	V	4-4	She never did any work because she inherited a lot of money	Do you want to work after the age of 60 ?
pay	V	0-1	pay attention	He paid me 5000 pounds for the car .
air	N	6-7	a smell of chemicals in the air	open a window and let in some air
snap	V	0-1	snap your fingers	bullets snapped past us
see	V	6-2	The artist must first learn to see	I can see what will happen
truth	N	5-1	at last he knew the truth	the truth is that he did n't want to do it
go	V	2-2	Let 's go this way for a while .	Her money went on clothes
catch	V	3-3	I did n't catch your name	She managed to catch herself before telling her boss what was on her mind
kill	V	0-4	kill the engine	These new shoes are killing me !
life	N	6-6	I have known him all his life	She 's my love , my life .
commercialization	N	4-6	my father considered the commercialization of Christmas to be a sacrilege	the government tried to accelerate the commercialization of this development
pay	V	2-0	Does she pay you for the work you are doing ?	pay attention
get	V	3-0	I ca n't get these boots off ( or on ) .	Get working as soon as the sun rises !
order	N	8-2	a friend in New Mexico said that the order caused no trouble out there	law and order
place	N	5-4	a political system with no place for the less prominent groups	he has a special place in my thoughts
canvas	N	2-5	the crowded canvas of history	the movie demanded a dramatic canvas of sound
eye	N	7-5	the thread would n't go through the eye	he tried to catch her eye
give	V	0-4	give priority to	This material does n't give
entreaty	N	3-1	We need an entreaty to stop the hostilities .	an entreaty to stop the fighting
toy	V	0-2	toy with an idea	Figo is toying with the English defence .
undo	V	4-4	Fortunately , we can undo most of the damage to the system by the war .	I wish I could undo my actions
mess	N	1-4	a mess of porridge	She brought back a mess of fish to fix for supper .
see	V	4-2	What message do you see in this letter ?	Could you see about lunch ?
make	V	3-1	He did n't make the choir after his voice changed .	He made as if to punch him , but they both laughed and shook hands .
practice	N	3-3	it is their practice to give annual raises	It is good practice to check each door and window before leaving .
coverage	N	11-11	The enemy fire is increasing – can we get some immediate coverage from those bunkers ?	Do n't go to lunch if we do n't have enough coverage for the help - desk phones .
flight	N	1-6	The flight to Paris leaves at 7 o'clock tonight	Where is the departure gate for flight 747 ? / Go straight down and to the right .
bid	N	1-1	His bid was $ 35,000 .	A bid for a lucrative transport contract
catch	V	3-3	I have to catch a train at 7 o'clock	My leg was caught in a tree - root .
connection	N	4-1	My headache has no connection with me going out last night .	the connection between church and state is inescapable
call	V	1-3	To call the roll of a military company	The ship will call in Honolulu tomorrow
make	V	0-0	make enemies	make a fire
split	N	6-3	he inserted the wedge into a split in the log	he demanded his split before they disbanded
fun	N	5-7	they began to fight like fun	she asked for money and then the fun began
custody	N	6-4	He was mistreated while in police custody .	the suspect is in custody
hold	V	4-0	A crazy idea took hold of him	Hold my coat for me .
defense	N	4-1	he offered a persuasive defense of the theory	the defense called for a mistrial
deal	N	4-7	it was a package deal	he 's a master of the business deal
pull	V	0-0	pull the trigger of the gun	pull the string gently
floor	N	1-2	the floor of the cave	The pit floor showed where a ring of post holes had been .
make	V	1-2	To make like a deer caught in the headlights .	This wool makes into a nice sweater
come	V	0-3	come into contact with a terrorist group	Where did you come from ?
term	N	5-7	He was sentenced to a term of six years in prison .	he left school before the end of term
field	N	6-3	He was an expert in the field of Chinese history .	The farmer 's field was a civil war battleground , and relics such a minnie bullets were frequently found while plowing .
company	N	6-3	a hook - and - ladder company	It took six companies to put out the fire .
throw	V	0-2	throw the car into reverse	have , throw , or make a party
catch	N	7-5	it sounds good but what 's the catch ?	The player made an impressive catch .
action	N	2-6	recent federal action undermined the segregationist position	the piano had a very stiff action
tautology	N	15-7	Given a Boolean A , " A OR ( NOT A ) " is a tautology .	A logical statement which is neither a tautology nor a contradiction is a contingency .
take	V	2-1	I 'll take a pound of that sausage	We took a pay cut
cut	V	0-0	cut my hair	cut a dress
go	V	4-2	Ready , set , go !	The gun went ` bang '
hit	V	1-1	He hit her hard in the face	He hit a home run
forefront	N	6-8	That laboratory researches topics at the forefront of technology .	the idea of motion was always to the forefront of his mind and central to his philosophy
procession	N	1-0	A procession of mourners ; the Lord Mayor 's procession	processions were forbidden
break	V	10-1	If the vase falls to the floor , it might break .	She broke the match
unionize	V	15-11	My uncle got roughed up by some corporate thugs after they caught him trying to unionize their workers .	The company laid off all the workers when they tried to unionize .
volume	N	8-4	The letter " G " was found in volume 4 .	Please turn down the volume on the stereo .
break	V	0-6	break an alibi	He slipped on the ice and broke his leg .
resign	V	6-2	He had no choice but to resign the game and let his opponent become the champion .	The chairman resigned when he was found to have misappropriated funds
art	N	3-1	How great thou art !	the art of conversation
leave	V	0-0	leave the young fawn alone	leave the flowers that you see in the park behind
production	N	1-2	the production of white blood cells	Shakespeare 's production of poetry was enormous
dick	N	6-6	He wore a condom over his dick .	Sorry , girls , I suck dick .
strike	V	1-2	Please strike this remark from the record	We must strike the enemy 's oil fields
fall	V	4-0	We must stand or fall	fall by the wayside
stand	V	3-6	Where do you stand on the War ?	Christian charity , or love , stands first in the rank of gifts .
drive	V	0-3	drive a car or bus	My new truck drives well
work	V	3-3	The artist 's work influenced the young painter	He could not work the math problem
title	N	3-6	he held the title for two years	he had no documents confirming his title to his father 's estate
unit	N	2-6	change per unit volume	the dollar is the United States unit of currency
close	V	0-2	close up an umbrella	Her arms closed around her long lost relative
key	N	5-5	some students had stolen the key to the final exam	he spoke in a low key
carry	V	1-2	To carry an account to the ledger	The senator carried his home state
work	V	4-7	How does your idea work in practice ?	this unpleasant situation is n't going to work itself out
check	N	6-2	he paid all his bills by check	Put a check mark in the box corresponding to the correct answer .
take	V	5-2	I estimate the trip will take about ten minutes .	The story took a new turn
draw	V	0-1	draw the shades	He drew an elaborate plan of attack
tame	V	0-3	tame the soil	The author finally tamed some of his potentially offensive statements
question	N	8-1	His claim to the property has come under question .	The question of seniority will be discussed at the meeting .
coverage	N	3-3	the dictionary 's coverage of standard English is excellent	There are overlapping coverages on your insurance policies .
see	V	3-4	How nice to see you again !	I just ca n't see your point
time	N	7-4	Okay , but this is the last time . No more after that !	When was the last time we went out ? I do n't remember .
find	V	1-1	I find him to be obnoxious	I found the movie rather entertaining
make	V	6-1	One swallow does not a summer make	They make a cute couple
grain	N	1-5	A grain of sand	saw the board across the grain
raise	V	1-6	To raise somebody to office	We visited a farm where they raise chickens .
softness	N	6-2	he attributes the disappointing results to softness in the economy	and in softness almost beyond hearing
break	V	0-3	break cigarette smoking	His peccadilloes finally broke his marriage
arousal	N	3-6	The mechanism for arousal from sleep	The animal undergoes regular spells of arousal
beg	V	1-1	I beg your pardon . I did n't mean to cause offence .	I begged her for release .
figure	N	2-4	a heroic figure	he cut a fine figure
catch	V	6-0	We have a big barrel to catch the rainwater	catch one 's breath
face	N	4-3	She has a pretty face .	he washed his face
wash	V	2-3	Can you wash away the spots on the windows ?	he managed to wash out the stains
be	V	2-2	I may be an hour	It has been three years since my grandmother died . ( similar to My grandmother died three years ago , but emphasizes the intervening period )
action	N	2-9	A rifle action	gawkers always try to get as close to the action as possible
check	N	7-5	I summoned the waiter , paid the check , and hurried to leave .	the pilot ran through the check - out procedure
fall	V	0-1	fall prey to an imposter	They fell out of favor
air	N	4-1	she was humming an air from Beethoven	an air of mystery
turn	V	0-1	turn the car around	She turned a smile on me
head	N	1-7	200 head of cattle and 50 head of horses	We will consider performance issues under the head of future improvements .
care	V	3-1	I do n't care what he does .	We cared about the opera .
transcript	N	4-3	you can obtain a transcript of this radio program by sending a self - addressed envelope to the station	he read a transcript of the interrogation
turn	V	1-2	people turn to mysticism at the turn of a millennium	The pedophile turned to boys for satisfaction
fit	N	1-3	a fit of coughing	She had a fit and had thrown all of his clothes out of the window .
cut	V	2-1	If you cut then I 'll deal .	She cut the deck for a long time
catch	V	0-1	catch one 's breath	I caught the hem of my dress in the brambles
doctrine	N	5-7	The incarnation is a basic doctrine of classical Christianity .	The four noble truths summarise the main doctrines of Buddhism .
assemble	V	0-2	assemble your colleagues	The parents assembled in the school hall .
side	N	5-7	he is on the purchasing side of the business	The patient was bleeding on the right side .
face	N	3-3	Why the sad face ?	he washed his face
turn	V	0-2	turn your face to the wall	The people turned against the President when he stole the election
work	V	5-4	The voting process does n't work as well as people thought	How does your idea work in practice ?
rub	V	0-0	rub oil into her skin	rub my hands
stay	V	0-13	stay alone	We stayed in Hawaii for a week .     I can only stay for an hour .
furniture	N	4-9	they had too much furniture for the small apartment	The woman does not even have one stick of furniture moved in yet .
see	V	3-2	I do n't see the situation quite as negatively as you do	I must see your passport before you can enter the country
head	N	6-1	At five years of age this head of cattle is worth perhaps $ 40	the head of the column advanced boldly
drink	N	5-2	Can I buy you a drink ?	likes a drink before dinner
mine	N	6-5	He came out of the coal mine with a face covered in black .	This diamond comes from a mine in South Africa .
head	N	7-1	We will consider performance issues under the head of future improvements .	the head of a comet
know	V	1-3	I know him under a different name	This flower is known as a Peruvian Lily
shot	N	2-2	his parting shot was ` drop dead '	a good shot requires good balance and tempo
lift	V	0-0	lift a ban	Lift a load
know	V	1-6	I know it 's time	It is vital that he not know .    She knew of our plan .
floor	N	1-1	the floor of the pelvis	The floor of a cave served the refugees as a home .
hit	V	1-1	Jones hit for the pitcher .	We hit Detroit by noon
number	N	7-7	I hope to become one of their number before I die	The equation e^i\pi+1=0 includes the most important numbers : 1 , 0 , \pi , i , and e.
tell	V	1-1	I tell you that man is a crook !	Ellen told Helen about the situation .
score	N	2-5	the winning score came with less than a minute left to play	The player with the highest score is the winner .
avoid	V	3-1	I try to avoid the company of gamblers .	We avoided the area .
hoop	V	1-0	To hoop a barrel or puncheon	hoop vats
foot	N	6-2	I 'll meet you at the foot of the stairs .	his bare feet projected from his trousers
text	N	5-6	they handed out the printed text of the mayor 's speech	he wants to reconstruct the original text
run	N	2-4	his daily run keeps him fit	he broke into a run
fall	V	0-1	fall by the wayside	To fall a tree
youth	N	6-5	I made many mistakes in my youth , but learned from them all .	Make the most of your youth , it will not last forever .
take	V	0-1	take an opportunity	We took the road on the right .
save	V	2-1	Let 's save the packaging in case we need to send the product back .	He saves half his salary
turn	V	4-0	the strong man could turn an iron bar	turn the earth in the Spring
work	V	2-2	I will work hard to improve my grades	He 's working in a bar .
make	N	1-1	What make of car do you drive ?	what make of car is that ?
cold	N	6-0	Come in , out of the cold .	cold is a vasoconstrictor
date	N	1-1	US date : 05/24/08 = Tuesday , May 24th , 2008 . UK date : 24/05/08 = Tuesday 24th May 2008 .	The date of a letter , of a will , of a deed , of a coin , etc .
demand	N	4-3	the automobile reduced the demand for buggywhips	there were many demands on his time
reseat	V	0-2	reseat Carnegie Hall	We should reseat this cinema - the old seats are worn .
keep	V	9-9	Our grant has run out and we can not keep you on	The family 's fortune waned and they could not keep their household staff
dress	V	0-3	dress the patient	Can the child dress by herself ?
give	V	0-2	give one 's talents to a good cause	I 'll give you three books for four CDs
quality	N	10-11	Membership of this golf club is limited to those of quality and wealth .	This school is well - known for having teachers of high quality .
scale	N	5-13	they entertained on a grand scale	The magnitude of an earthquake is measured on the open - ended Richter scale .
year	N	2-2	This Chinese year is the year of the Rooster .	in the year 1920
call	N	4-3	he placed a phone call to London	I received several calls today .
head	N	3-6	She gave great head .	they tracked him back toward the head of the stream
turn	V	0-2	turn your face to the wall	She is turning 50 this year
work	V	5-1	This old radio does n't work anymore	They worked on her to join the group .
give	V	0-2	give a course	Can I give you my keys while I go in the pool ?
audit	V	0-1	audit accounts and tax returns	To audit the accounts of a treasure , or of parties who have a suit depending in court
company	N	3-8	he started the company in his garage	he only invests in large well - established companies
exhaust	V	0-4	exhaust one 's savings	This kind of work exhausts me
fall	V	4-2	The hills around here fall towards the ocean	his voice fell to a whisper
roll	V	0-2	roll your hair around your finger	The ball rolled down the hill .
record	N	4-5	the prostitute had a record a mile long	he ruled that the criminal record of the defendant could not be disclosed to the court
line	N	12-3	The answer to the comprehension question can be found in the third line of the accompanying text .	there are six lines in every stanza
break	V	0-0	break an alibi	break down a proof
education	N	8-4	A good teacher is essential for a good education .	he received no formal education
face	N	5-4	He 's always stuffing his face with chips .	dew dripped from the face of the leaf
rest	N	4-5	The boulder came to rest just behind the house after rolling down the mountain .	The ocean was finally at rest .
cut	V	0-0	cut from one scene to another	cut a Ping - Pong ball
region	N	3-2	in the abdominal region	The temperate regions
play	V	0-1	play cards	He plays on three teams ;    who 's playing now ?
carry	V	0-1	carry a cause	To carry an account to the ledger
break	V	0-1	break down a proof	I broke my foot while playing hockey
opening	N	6-4	A salamander darted out of an opening in the rocks .	there was a small opening between the trees
turn	V	0-0	turn the clay on the wheel	turn the legs of the table
fall	V	0-2	fall by the wayside	The cities fell to the enemy
get	V	2-3	We 'll get them !	What do you get when you add up these numbers ?
dibs	N	3-2	Who 's got dibs on the chips ?	I have dibs on that last slice of pizza
fall	V	0-1	fall by the wayside	He fell to his knees
go	V	5-10	The washing machine wo n't go unless it 's plugged in	This violinist is as good as Juilliard - trained violinists go
bind	V	0-2	bind the books in leather	The hydrogen binds the oxygen
sense	N	5-3	he has n't got the sense God gave little green apples	It 's common sense not to put metal objects in a microwave oven .
finish	N	2-6	his best finish in a major tournament was third	it was a fight to the finish
cycle	N	9-3	The " Ring of the Nibelung " is a cycle of four operas by Richard Wagner , the famous nineteenth - century German composer .	Schubert 's song cycles
space	N	5-5	write your name in the space provided	it all happened in the space of 10 minutes
take	V	5-1	I estimate the trip will take about ten minutes .	We took a pay cut
put	V	1-3	He put all his efforts into this job	I would n't put it that way
role	N	1-3	The role of women has changed significantly in the last century .	what is your role on the team ?
empty	V	1-2	To empty a well or a cistern	The cinema emptied quickly after the end of the film .
test	V	3-1	She does n't test well	She tested high on the LSAT and was admitted to all the good law schools
bar	N	5-5	he was admitted to the bar in New Jersey	unfortunately some writers have used bar for one dyne per square centimeter
know	V	1-1	I know this voice !	I know your mother , but I 've never met your father .
floor	N	1-1	the floor of the pelvis	the floor of the cave
position	N	6-5	atheists do not enjoy a favorable position in American life	moved from third to fifth position
eye	N	7-4	the thread would n't go through the eye	they were in the eye of the storm
go	V	4-5	The speech has to go through several more drafts	It 's your turn ; go .
break	V	6-7	I do n't know how to break this to you , but your cat is not coming back .	Is it your or my turn to break ?
run	V	6-0	My computer is too old to run the new OS .	run the dogs
skeleton	N	5-2	the battalion was a mere skeleton of its former self	the bare skeleton of a novel
profession	N	7-10	the news spread rapidly through the medical profession	His conduct is against the established practices of the legal profession .
stretch	N	3-2	running at full stretch	by no stretch of the imagination
beat	V	2-0	I 'm beat	beat the egg whites
take	V	1-1	I take aspirin every day to thin my blood .	Hitler took the Baltic Republics
carry	V	2-4	I will carry the secret to my grave	The painting of Mary carries motherly love
make	V	3-1	They hope to make a bigger profit	They make a cute couple
control	N	1-3	under control	he had lost control of his sphincters
fight	V	2-1	Do n't fight it !	He fought for breath
come	V	0-1	come out of the closet !	he comes from humble origins
throw	N	7-8	he could n't afford $ 50 a throw	Football tickets are expensive at fifty bucks a throw .
multiplication	N	5-1	repeated copying leads to a multiplication of errors	this multiplication of cells is a natural correlate of growth
attitude	N	7-3	The ballet dancer walked with a graceful attitude	he assumed an attitude of surrender
make	V	3-1	This invention will make you a millionaire	She made us look silly
head	N	1-3	the head of a comet	She gave great head .
shoulder	N	6-6	the car pulled off onto the shoulder	He stopped the car on the shoulder of the highway to change the flat tire .
make	V	0-1	make an effort	To make like a deer caught in the headlights .
read	V	1-2	I read this address as a satire	I can read his feelings in his face .
neighbour	N	1-1	My neighbour is very irritable and grumpy at times .	My neighbour has an annoying cat .
step	V	1-0	To step to one of the neighbors	step off ten yards
behalf	N	8-2	spoke a good word in his friend 's behalf	in your behalf
feeling	N	5-3	the surface had a greasy feeling	she had a feeling of euphoria
pull	V	0-0	pull the string gently	pull the oars
draw	V	0-10	draw a deep breath	At the start of their turn , each player must draw a card .
treat	V	3-2	I like to treat myself to a day at a spa when I am depressed	Grandmother always treated us to the circus
give	V	0-3	give an excuse	The roof finally gave under the weight of the ice
make	V	0-3	make an estimate	This invention will make you a millionaire
assume	V	2-1	The gods assume human or animal form in these fables	She assumed indifference , even though she was seething with anger
have	V	0-3	have a feeling	What do we have here ?
brighten	V	3-1	The paint will brighten the room	She brightened when I changed the subject .
change	V	6-2	Ask the janitor to come and change the lightbulb .     After a brisk walk , I washed up and changed my shirt .	Would you change places with me ?
tense	V	3-5	alternately relax and tense your calf muscle	the bodybuilder 's neck muscles tensed
dwelling	N	2-6	Philip 's dwelling fronted on the street . - Alfred Tennyson	The old house served as a dwelling for Albert .
range	N	5-3	a piano has a greater range than the human voice	he answered a range of questions
charge	V	4-2	How much do you charge for lunch ?	This fellow charges $ 100 for a massage
piece	N	4-4	she bought a lovely piece of china	he designed a new piece of equipment
movement	N	9-2	the succession of flashing lights gave an illusion of movement	The labor movement has been struggling in America since the passage of the Taft - Hartley act in 1947 .
head	N	1-6	12 head of big cattle and 14 head of branded calves	the office was full of secret heads
drop	N	1-2	a drop of each sample was analyzed	Put three drops of oil into the mixture .
check	V	8-0	Katie 's sick , so I need to check up on her and see if she needs anything .	Check the oil in your car once a month .
stabilization	N	4-0	he worked for price stabilization for farm products	stabilization means that the product can be handled under atmospheric conditions
wall	N	5-1	negotiations ran into a brick wall	a wall of prejudice
run	V	4-1	Run , Sarah , run !	They ran twenty blood tests on me and they still do n't know what 's wrong .
flight	N	1-0	The flight of a refugee	flights of imagination
catch	V	11-1	I have some free time tonight so I think I 'll catch a movie .	he caught her staring out the window
make	N	1-1	What make of car do you drive ?	He made a real mess of the last shuffle .
refill	N	3-3	he got a refill for his notebook	he got a refill for his ball - point pen
gather	V	12-6	If you want to emphasise the shape , it is possible to gather the waistline .	Be careful not to stretch or gather your knitting .
take	V	2-4	I 'll take a pound of that sausage	This box wo n't take all the items
leave	N	3-4	Might I beg leave to accompany you ?	The applicant now seeks leave to appeal and , if leave be granted , to appeal against these sentences .
body	N	3-1	they found the body in the lake	heavenly body
application	N	1-1	the application of maximum thrust	the application of indexes to tables of data
have	V	1-1	I have two years left	He had an insulin shock after eating three candy bars
make	V	1-1	To make like a deer caught in the headlights .	He made as if to punch him , but they both laughed and shook hands .
drive	V	0-2	drive the game	She finally drove him to change jobs
check	N	1-6	a check on its dependability under stress	he paid all his bills by check
appearance	N	4-4	A person makes his appearance as an historian , an artist , or an orator .	David Beckham 's first appearance with the LA Galaxy at Giants Stadium against the New York Red Bulls last night drew a crowd of 66237 .
catch	V	8-0	I have to stop for a moment and catch my breath .	catch one 's breath
scale	N	6-1	There are some who question the scale of our ambitions .	the scale of the map
area	N	1-8	the area of a rectangle	The photo is a little dark in that area .
break	V	0-5	break the code	I ca n't believe she broke 3 under par !
face	N	7-4	She wanted to wipe him off the face of the earth .	They climbed the north face of the mountain .
opener	N	3-5	the season 's opener was a game against the Yankees	she played Chopin for her opener
know	V	1-1	I know him under a different name	We know this movie
interest	N	3-1	in the common interest	an interest in music
head	N	1-5	the head of the whole operation	the beer had a large head of foam
begin	V	4-1	You can not even begin to understand the problem we had to deal with during the war	He began early in the day
outwardness	N	6-9	what is the origin of the outwardness of our sensations of sound , smell , or taste	an abstract conception with feelings of reality and spatial outwardness attached to it
letter	N	1-5	The letter of a room	There are twenty - six letters in the English alphabet .
connect	V	4-2	The new railroad will connect the northern part of the state to the southern part .	My computer connected to his computer .
draw	V	0-2	draw parallels	A ship draws ten feet of water .
wilderness	N	1-10	a wilderness of masts in the harbor	the duties of citizenship are lost sight of in the wilderness of interests of individuals and groups
play	N	1-1	the play lasted two hours	the play of light on the water
party	N	8-2	in 1992 Perot tried to organize a third party at the national level	The green party took 12 % of the vote .
use	V	0-3	use your common sense	I ca n't use this tool
make	V	0-0	make revolution	make laws
cut	V	0-8	cut the songs	We had to lose weight , so we cut the sugar from our diet
play	V	0-0	play the stock market	play with her feelings
opinion	N	7-1	he asked for a poll of public opinion	his opinions appeared frequently on the editorial page
see	V	2-3	You 'll see a lot of cheating in this school	The 1960 's saw the rebellion of the younger generation against established traditions
coordinate	V	0-0	coordinate the painters , masons , and plumbers	coordinate our efforts
foot	N	1-4	the foot of the page	curled up on the foot of the bed
make	V	3-3	They hope to make a bigger profit	He did n't make the choir after his voice changed .
side	N	1-7	Which side of the tray shall I put it on ?	The patient was bleeding on the right side .
take	V	0-5	take a scene	I estimate the trip will take about ten minutes .
run	V	3-1	let the dogs run free	She runs around telling everyone of her troubles
shed	V	2-2	The bill shed 50 pages of pork - barrel addons .	our dog sheds every Spring
drag	N	7-3	he went to the party dressed in drag	He performed in drag .
repair	V	1-1	To repair a shattered fortune	To repair to sanctuary for safety
ceremony	N	1-5	a ceremony commemorating Pearl Harbor	he disposed of it without ceremony
work	V	4-3	She never did any work because she inherited a lot of money	My wife never worked
way	N	2-4	Come this way and I 'll show you a shortcut .	Do you know the way to the airport ?
understand	V	1-1	I understand how to do it .	I understand what she means
conflict	N	1-1	The conflict between the government and the rebels began three years ago .	a conflict of loyalties
hand	N	2-2	the hired hand fixed the railing	a ranch hand
keep	V	0-2	keep open the possibility of a merger	May God keep you
spot	N	10-6	Would you like to come round on Sunday for a spot of lunch ?	The leopard is noted for the spots of color in its fur .
cut	V	3-0	The football player cut to his left to evade a tackle .	cut a ticket
fall	V	0-4	fall into a strange way of thinking	The pressure to succeed fell on the youngest student
transform	V	4-1	The alchemists sought to transform lead into gold .	She transformed the clay into a beautiful sculpture
edge	N	1-3	the edge of the leaf is wavy	the water 's edge
title	N	12-5	he looked for books with the word ` jazz ' in the title	I can never remember movie titles
have	V	3-0	I wo n't have this dog in my house !	have , throw , or make a party
run	V	0-0	run a subject	run a new program on the Mac
draw	V	0-0	draw parallels	draw a conclusion
cold	N	4-1	he shivered from the cold	the cold helped clear his head
song	N	1-5	the song of bullets was in the air	he bought it for a song
point	N	3-3	what is the point of discussing it ?	he stuck the point of the knife into a tree
unravel	V	11-3	Stop playing with the seam of the tablecloth ! You will unravel it .	Mother could n't unravel the ball of wool after the cat had played with it .
break	V	1-2	Twigs break off of those branches easily .	The figurine broke
run	N	4-5	he broke into a run	the play had a long run on Broadway
fall	V	0-1	fall by the wayside	Silence fell
head	N	1-1	200 head of cattle and 50 head of horses	12 head of big cattle and 14 head of branded calves
majority	N	8-1	Those opposing the building plans were in the majority , so the building project was canceled .	The majority agreed that the new proposal was the best .
population	N	4-7	the African - American population of Salt Lake City has been increasing	people come and go , but the population of this town has remained approximately constant for the past decade
carry	V	4-1	put down 5 and carry 2	I carry a lot of life insurance
loss	N	6-1	The match ended in their first loss of the season .	his loss of credibility led to his resignation
call	V	4-1	Why do n't you call me in the morning ?     Why do n't you call tomorrow ?	He called my name
room	N	6-3	There was n't that much elbow room in the aircraft .	hardly enough elbow room to turn around
presence	N	7-6	I 'm convinced that there was a presence in that building that I ca n't explain , which led to my heroic actions .	Any painter can benefit from the presence of a live model from which to draw .
pay	V	1-3	To pay attention	She had to pay the penalty for speaking out rashly
pocket	N	5-6	the trapped miners found a pocket of air	they dipped into the taxpayers ' pockets
truck	V	0-1	truck fresh vegetables across the mountains	Amanda trucked the package to her mother 's house from Philadelphia .
sex	N	2-2	they had sex in the back seat	We had sex in the back seat .
grain	N	5-1	saw the board across the grain	A grain of salt
follow	V	2-1	Can you follow her argument ?	She followed the men with the binoculars
life	N	6-5	he wanted to live his own life without interference from others	he hoped for a new life in Australia
area	N	7-8	it was about 500 square feet in area	The photo is a little dark in that area .
grow	V	3-5	Corn does n't grow here	In these forests , mushrooms grow under the trees
field	N	5-1	The design needs to be field - tested before we commit to manufacture .	Oil field ;    gold field
raise	V	0-0	raise my salary	raise the price of bread
disturbance	N	8-3	he looked around for the source of the disturbance	there was a disturbance of neural function
element	N	4-2	a component or constituent element of a system	in your element
give	V	3-1	What will you give her for her birthday ?	She gave a pair of shoes to her husband for their anniversary .
enthalpy	N	10-0	H = U + p V , where H is enthalpy , U is internal energy , p is pressure , and V is volume .	enthalpy is the amount of energy in a system capable of doing mechanical work
employ	N	4-9	he was in the employ of the city	The school district has six thousand teachers in its employ .
work	V	3-3	The artist 's work influenced the young painter	The soft metal works well
compare	V	3-1	You ca n't compare my problems and yours .	John compared his haircut to his friend 's
end	N	1-3	the end of the pier	she knotted the end of the thread
trial	N	6-1	a sample for ten days free trial	a trial of progesterone failed to relieve the pain
corner	N	5-1	a piano was in one corner of the room	The corners of the wire mesh were reinforced with little blobs of solder .
piece	N	7-4	it is not known who created this piece	She played two beautiful pieces on the piano .
be	V	2-6	I shall be writing to you soon .	We liked to chat while we were eating .
block	N	1-7	A block of stone .	Anne Boleyn placed her head on the block and awaited her execution .
emission	N	1-1	The emission of light from the sun	The emission of heat from a fire
floor	N	1-3	the floor of the pelvis	he is a floor trader
turn	V	0-0	turn a key	turn your palm this way
top	N	6-2	he stared as she buttoned her top	only the top side of the box was painted
break	V	2-1	Can you break a hundred - dollar bill for me ?	who broke into my account last night ?
term	N	2-1	a prison term	The term allowed to a debtor to discharge his debt
surface	N	7-6	the facts had been brought to the surface	three quarters of the Earth 's surface is covered by water
drop	V	0-3	drop a hint	shop til you drop
hit	V	2-1	We were hit by really bad weather	He hit a home run
leak	N	5-1	I have to take a leak .	The leaks by Chelsea Manning showed the secrets of the US military .
class	N	1-2	The class of 1982 was particularly noteworthy .	early morning classes are always sleepy
break	V	0-9	break cigarette smoking	On the hottest day of the year the refrigerator broke .
head	N	6-3	At five years of age this head of cattle is worth perhaps $ 40	They shot 20 head of quail
put	V	0-2	put your ideas in writing	That song put me in awful good humor
practice	N	11-6	That may work in theory , but will it work in practice ?	a hard theory to put into practice
chain	N	1-5	A chain of ideas , one leading to the next	This led to an unfortunate chain of events .
gravitation	N	1-0	the gravitation between two bodies is proportional to the product of their masses and inversely proportional to the square of the distance between them	gravitation can not be held responsible for people falling in love "-- Albert Einstein
run	V	2-1	the heifers run with the bulls to produce offspring	They ran the tapes over and over again
give	V	3-0	The French doors give onto a terrace	give a course
range	N	7-9	any good golf club will have a range where you can practice	they used to drive the cattle across the open range every spring
majority	N	1-8	The majority agreed that the new proposal was the best .	Those opposing the building plans were in the majority , so the building project was canceled .
rub	N	5-6	Give that lamp a good rub and see if any genies come out	he gave the hood a quick rub
integrity	N	1-5	the integrity of the nervous system is required for normal development	they admired his scrupulous professional integrity
keep	V	8-2	There 's little to earn and many to keep	His snoring kept me from falling asleep
move	V	6-2	Come on guys , let 's move : there 's work to do !	The horse moves a carriage .
beg	V	1-1	I beg your pardon . I did n't mean to cause offence .	He begged her to go to the prom with him .
deal	N	4-9	it was a package deal	he rose to prominence through a series of shady deals
find	V	2-3	Did you find your glasses ?	I can not find my gloves !
call	N	12-3	he heard the phone ringing but did n't want to take the call	I received several calls today .
hold	V	2-4	She can hold an audience spellbound	The illegal immigrants were held at a detention center
flip	V	0-3	flip over the pork chop	You need to flip the pancake onto the other side .
unit	N	6-8	the word is a basic linguistic unit	He was a member of a special police unit .
suspect	V	1-1	To suspect the presence of disease	I suspect he is a fugitive
carry	V	2-3	These bonds carry warrants	All major networks carried the press conference
figure	N	2-4	a heroic figure	He cut a sorry figure standing there in the rain .
house	N	4-3	the children were playing house	he has a house on Cape Cod
head	N	1-3	the head of the hammer	They shot 20 head of quail
operation	N	2-8	a multinational operation	they paid taxes on every stage of the operation
border	N	5-2	There 's a nice frilly border around the picture frame .	A solid border around a table of figures
take	V	1-3	I take it you 're not going ?	How should I take this message ?
see	V	6-3	The artist must first learn to see	I went to see my friend Mary the other day
line	N	4-4	there is a narrow line between sanity and insanity	he got out of line
admit	V	3-2	The French doors admit onto the yard	A ticket admits one into a playhouse .
make	V	2-3	We should make Cincinnati by 7 tonight .	They hope to make a bigger profit
shift	V	0-1	shift the date for our class reunion	She shifted slightly in her seat .
shuck	V	0-2	shuck oysters	Shall we shuck walnuts ?
shtik	N	3-5	he played a shtik Beethoven	play it straight with no shtik
see	V	7-1	He is blind -- he can not see	I saw their laughing and joking .
carry	V	1-3	To carry an account to the ledger	The news was carried to every village in the province
furniture	N	6-2	there was only one piece of furniture in the room	How much furniture did they leave behind ?
come	V	2-1	The sleeves come to your knuckles	He came from France .
break	V	2-1	Nobody can break out -- this prison is high security	he broke the news to her
execute	V	0-4	execute the decision of the people	Your orders have been executed , sir !
strike	V	0-0	strike a medal	strike coins
offer	V	0-1	offer prayers to the gods	He offered his opinion
microprocessor	N	5-1	a disk drive contains a microprocessor to handle the internal functions of the drive	a microprocessor functions as the central processing unit of a microcomputer
count	V	5-2	There are three apples ; count them .	Can you count the books on your shelf ?
air	N	7-6	The flock of birds took to the air .	There was a tension in the air which made me suspect an approaching storm .
softness	N	10-5	orders have recently picked up after a period of extreme softness	he was shocked by the softness of the atmosphere surrounding the young prince , arising from the superfluity of the femininity that guided him
woodenness	N	3-4	he criticized the woodenness of the acting	there was a certain woodenness in his replies
play	V	3-2	Charlie likes to play Mary	I 'll play you my favorite record
convert	V	0-0	convert slaves to laborers	convert lead into gold
see	V	2-1	You should see a lawyer	I saw the bet of one of my fellow players
reason	N	1-3	the reason that war was declared	they had good reason to rejoice
action	N	7-11	his novels always have a lot of action	the United Nations must have the power to propose and organize action without being hobbled by irrelevant issues
pay	V	0-2	pay attention	Do n't pay him any mind
face	N	7-3	She wanted to wipe him off the face of the earth .	he washed his face
product	N	3-3	skill is the product of hours of practice	Skill is the product of hours of practice .    His reaction was the product of hunger and fatigue .
attendance	N	3-10	a student 's attendance is an important factor in her grade	The class sat down so that the teacher could take attendance .
panel	N	2-4	Today 's panel includes John Smith .	he checked the instrument panel
take	V	2-1	I 'll take that plate off the table .	We take all major credit cards .
cover	V	4-0	The grant does n't cover my salary	cover the child with a blanket
scene	N	4-5	They saw an angry scene outside the pub .	The crazy lady made a scene in the grocery store .
breath	N	4-3	I could hear the breath of the runner behind me .	The child 's breath came quickly and unevenly .
break	V	0-1	break a branch from a tree	Voices broke in the air
constriction	N	3-3	he felt a constriction in her chest	emotion caused a constriction of his throat
camp	V	4-3	We 're planning to camp in the field until Sunday .	Can we go camping again this summer ?
war	N	2-9	The " war on drugs " is a campaign against the use of narcotic drugs .	In the US , conservatives rail against the " war on Christmas " .
draw	V	10-4	At the start of their turn , each player must draw a card .	He spent the day drawing in the garden
audience	N	4-3	the broadcast reached an audience of millions	he requested an audience with the king
make	V	0-2	make enemies	can you make me an omelette ?
turn	V	0-0	turn the dial to 10	turn the heat down
arouse	V	0-1	arouse pity	To arouse anger
one	N	6-3	" driver " , noun : one who drives .	this is the one I ordered
assimilate	V	11-2	The teacher paused in her lecture to allow the students to assimilate what she had said .	This country assimilates immigrants very quickly
baby	N	4-10	this project is his baby	Stand up for yourself - do n't be such a baby !
accept	V	0-3	accept students for graduate study	I can not accept your invitation
header	N	1-3	Your header is too long ; " Local Cannibals " will suffice .	he took a header into the shrubbery
keep	V	3-2	Where do you keep your gardening tools ?	These potatoes keep for a long time
get	V	0-1	get someone mad	He got AIDS
pay	V	3-2	She had to pay the penalty for speaking out rashly	You 'll pay for this !
finish	N	6-9	the market was up at the finish	almost an inspiration which gives to all work that finish which is almost art "-- Joseph Conrad
fall	V	4-2	The line of men fall forward	his crest fell
make	V	4-1	How much do you make a month in your new job ?	This makes the third infraction
be	V	2-2	I shall be writing to you soon .	The sky is a deep blue today .
pay	V	2-9	You 'll pay for this opinion later	He was allowed to go as soon as he paid .
play	V	3-1	Charlie likes to play Mary	I played in ` A Christmas Carol '
hold	V	1-2	I hold with those who say life is sacred	She can hold an audience spellbound
mode	N	2-5	their nomadic mode of existence	switched from keyboard to voice mode
platoon	N	2-0	the defensive platoon of the football team	platoons of tourists poured out of the busses
keep	V	0-0	keep appointments	keep count
doubt	V	1-1	I doubt these reports	He doubted that was really what you meant .
reflection	N	2-3	After careful reflection , I have decided not to vote for that proposition .	he studied his reflection in the mirror
press	N	1-2	the press of business matters	Stop the presses !
dozen	N	3-4	I ordered two dozen doughnuts .	Can I have a dozen eggs , please ?
run	N	4-2	Yesterday we did a run of 12,000 units .	a daily run of 100,000 gallons of paint
break	V	1-0	Twigs break off of those branches easily .	break a branch from a tree
make	V	2-1	She 'll make a fine president .	This makes the third infraction
run	V	2-0	Do n't run that software unless you have permission . '	run a new program on the Mac
surface	N	5-6	earthquakes originate far below the surface	three quarters of the Earth 's surface is covered by water
session	N	2-6	a gossip session	" Are we having a recording session ? " / " Yes . We 've even got some session musicians to provide some brass . "
smile	N	5-4	She 's got a perfect smile .	He has a sinister smile .
raise	V	0-8	raise a family	Chew with your mouth shut — were you raised in a barn ?
top	V	10-3	I do n't want to be bald , so just top my hair .	the towers were topped with conical roofs
reenactment	N	1-8	the reenactment of the battle of Princeton	They 're going to the Civil War battle reenactment this weekend .
have	V	3-2	What do we have here ?	Now we have a fine mess
end	N	6-10	we have given it at the end of the section since it involves the calculus	the so - called glorious experiment came to an inglorious end
place	N	4-5	he has a special place in my thoughts	a political system with no place for the less prominent groups
collector	N	8-4	That old piano is just a big dust collector .	He is an avid collector of nineteenth - century postage stamps .
education	N	3-4	a girl 's education was less important than a boy 's	he received no formal education
read	V	1-1	I read this address as a satire	She read my mind and promptly rose to get me a glass of water .
fall	V	4-2	We must stand or fall	The curtain fell on the diva
drift	V	2-3	do n't drift from the set course	The stock market drifted upward
authority	N	3-3	he has the authority to issue warrants	I have the authority to penalise the staff in my department , but not the authority to sack them .
avoid	V	3-4	I try to avoid the company of gamblers .	Her former friends now avoid her
end	N	5-1	no one wanted to play end	the end of the pier
go	V	6-1	Do you think the sofa will go through the door ?     The belt just barely went around his waist .	I went on holiday and got malaria .
portfolio	N	10-8	they were disappointed by the poor returns on their stock portfolio	I would like to introduce you to our portfolio of services .
difference	N	8-1	It just wo n't make much of a difference to anyone .	the difference in her is amazing
agonist	N	8-9	when bending the elbow the biceps are the agonist	" when bending the elbow the biceps are the agonist "
love	N	5-5	he had n't had any love in months	he has a very complicated love life
play	V	5-1	Play football ;    play sports ;    play games	He plays on three teams ;    who 's playing now ?
cup	N	1-8	the cup of her bra	he wore a jock strap with a metal cup
turn	V	0-3	turn a somersault	The wheels are turning
head	N	6-1	At five years of age this head of cattle is worth perhaps $ 40	200 head of cattle and 50 head of horses
society	N	3-1	he enjoyed the society of his friends	This society has been known for centuries for its colorful clothing and tight - knit family structure .
picture	N	8-3	they could still receive the sound but the picture was gone	she was the picture of despair
use	V	3-2	I ca n't use this tool	We can use this mathematical formula to solve the problem .
occur	V	2-1	precious stones occur in a large area in Brazil	sexism occurs in many workplaces
read	V	3-3	The fortune teller read his fate in the crystal ball	I ca n't read his strange behavior
draw	V	0-1	draw a wagon	She drew $ 2,000 from the account
section	N	7-7	he always turns first to the business section	she got a job in the historical section of the Treasury
analyze	V	0-0	analyze a specimen	analyze a chemical compound
feel	V	1-1	I feel that we need to try harder .	It feels nice to be home again
work	V	4-3	She never did any work because she inherited a lot of money	Is your husband working again ?
know	V	1-1	We know this movie	Adam knew Eve
call	V	0-3	call a football game	I tried to call you all night
lesson	N	5-3	The accident was a good lesson to me .	he did the lesson for today
time	N	12-2	Time stops for nobody .     the ebb and flow of time	it is time to go
finish	N	2-4	his best finish in a major tournament was third	excitement grew as the finish neared
practice	N	1-4	the practice of the law	I took over his practice when he retired
use	V	2-3	we only use Spanish at home	I ca n't use this tool
house	N	9-3	she felt she had to get out of the house	This is my house and my family 's ancestral home .
water	N	5-7	they were sitting by the water 's edge	first you have to cut off the water
breath	N	2-4	not a breath of scandal ever touched her	there was n't a breath of air in the room
wash	V	2-3	Can you wash away the spots on the windows ?	The swollen river washed away the footbridge
one	N	3-4	this is the one I ordered	he is the best one
day	N	2-1	after that day she never trusted him again	these days it is not unusual
stick	V	0-1	stick your thumb in the crack	She sticks to her principles
place	N	1-3	your place or mine ?	a woman 's place is no longer in the kitchen
rest	N	5-4	The ocean was finally at rest .	he threw away the rest
size	N	5-6	the only city of any size in that area	he blanched when he saw the size of the bill
lumberyard	N	6-6	He got a job at the lumberyard , working the big saw for planks .	I 'll just go to the lumberyard and buy some more two by fours so we can finish building this .
snap	V	1-0	To snap a fastener	snap your fingers
touch	V	3-2	He could not touch the meaning of the poem	She never touched her husband
break	V	7-2	Is it your or my turn to break ?	Three inmates broke jail
live	V	5-2	He 's not expected to live for more than a few months .	My grandfather lived until the end of war
third	N	2-13	a distant third	he answered the first question willingly , the second reluctantly , and the third with resentment
model	N	1-4	a model of clarity	he is the very model of a modern major general
shell	V	1-2	Nuts shell in falling .	The corn shelled
life	N	6-5	he lived a long and happy life	the battery had a short life
play	V	3-5	On weekends I play	Play football ;    play sports ;    play games
stir	V	0-0	stir the soil	stir emotions
scene	N	3-5	The most moving scene is the final one , where he realizes he has wasted his whole life .	their parting was a sad scene
marriage	N	4-1	a long and happy marriage	their marriage was conducted in the chapel
keep	V	3-1	I can not keep track of all my employees	I keep my specimens under glass to protect them .
stop	N	4-2	it came to a stop at the bottom of the hill	his next stop is Atlanta
land	V	5-2	The plane is about to land .	The ship landed in Pearl Harbor
reproduction	N	2-1	Gutenberg 's reproduction of holy texts was far more efficient	Unauthorized reproduction of this article is prohibited .
cut	V	0-0	cut grain	cut the songs
estate	N	8-5	There are 50 acres of land in this estate .	the family owned a large estate on Long Island
confidence	N	6-5	after that failure he lost his confidence	everyone trusted him with their confidences
cold	N	1-4	the cold helped clear his head	he shivered from the cold
area	N	3-0	it was his area of specialization	areas of interest include ...
drive	V	0-3	drive a ball	What are you driving at ?
vehicle	N	5-4	the play was just a vehicle to display her talents	a congregation is a vehicle of group identity
walk	V	3-2	We like to walk every Sunday	We must walk with our dispossessed brothers and sisters
exercise	V	3-2	this puzzle will exercise your mind	Some parents exercise their infants
touch	N	5-3	this piano has a wonderful touch	she likes the touch of silk on her skin
leave	N	4-3	The applicant now seeks leave to appeal and , if leave be granted , to appeal against these sentences .	Might I beg leave to accompany you ?
confidence	N	0-5	confidence is always borrowed , never owned	everyone trusted him with their confidences
check	V	8-0	Katie 's sick , so I need to check up on her and see if she needs anything .	check the brakes
fix	N	3-4	We have a fix on your position .	he got a good fix on the target
give	V	0-0	give a course	Give a gulp
strike	V	0-4	strike a balance	The auto workers are striking for higher wages
beat	V	0-1	beat the egg whites	Agassi beat Becker in the tennis championship
drill	V	0-0	drill a hole into the wall	Drill a small hole to start the screw in the right direction .
sale	N	3-4	laws limit the sale of handguns	they tried to boost sales
performance	N	11-3	when Roger Maris powered four home runs in one game his performance merits awe	they admired his performance under stress
toy	V	1-2	To toy with a piece of food on one 's plate	Figo is toying with the English defence .
talk	V	4-9	They sat down to talk business .     We talk French sometimes .	Although I do n't speak Chinese I managed to talk with the villagers using signs and gestures .
keep	V	0-1	keep food for a week in the pantry	I keep my specimens under glass to protect them .
shock	N	5-4	subjects received a small electric shock when they made the wrong response	it came as a shock to learn that he was injured
side	N	4-5	Look on the bright side .	he was on the heavy side
work	V	0-1	work the body onto the flatbed truck	They worked at finishing the task .
credit	N	9-3	He arrived five minutes late , but to his credit he did work an extra ten minutes at the end of his shift .	he was given credit for his work
head	N	4-7	matters came to a head yesterday	I 've got to go to the head .
go	V	4-6	how did your interview go ?	How fast does your new car go ?
point	N	4-8	she walked to a point where she could survey the whole street	We should meet at a pre - arranged point .
hold	V	6-0	The general ordered the colonel to hold his position at all costs .	Hold the horse
line	N	5-2	Please speak up , the line is very faint .	A shared line
sale	N	9-6	the new line of cars will soon be on sale	you 'll find vitamin C for sale at most pharmacies
develop	V	2-2	We must develop more potential customers	The embryo develops into a fetus
work	V	3-2	I can not work a miracle .	This pilot works the controls
history	N	1-7	a history of France	a critical time in the school 's history
fun	N	5-2	they began to fight like fun	he was fun to be with
fun	N	7-5	she asked for money and then the fun began	they began to fight like fun
scene	N	3-5	The most moving scene is the final one , where he realizes he has wasted his whole life .	the first act has three scenes
hold	V	0-6	hold your breath	The general ordered the colonel to hold his position at all costs .
product	N	3-3	This is a product of lime and nitric acid .	Skill is the product of hours of practice .    His reaction was the product of hunger and fatigue .
ensure	V	4-2	This nest egg will ensure a nice retirement for us	Our exertions ensured us a good outcome .
line	N	4-2	there is a narrow line between sanity and insanity	toe the line
time	N	1-1	the time of year for planting	this time he succeeded
clearance	N	4-3	the plane was given clearance to land	The plane got clearance from air traffic control , and we were off .
sense	N	1-1	A sense of security	a sense of happiness
inhibit	V	0-0	inhibit the action of the enzyme	inhibit the rate of a chemical reaction
catch	V	0-2	catch fire	The trees caught quickly in the dry wind .
day	N	4-1	it was a busy day on the stock exchange	my day began early this morning
frequency	N	1-1	the frequency of his seizures increased as he grew older	the frequency of modulation was 40 cycles per second
change	N	8-5	I paid with a twenty and pocketed the change	The product is undergoing a change in order to improve it .
cut	V	0-0	cut my hair	cut grain
make	V	2-0	We should make Cincinnati by 7 tonight .	make up a room
market	N	13-4	before they publish any book they try to determine the size of the market for it	We believe that the market for the new widget is the older homeowner .
age	N	4-6	It 's been an age since we last saw you .	it was replaced because of its age
night	N	3-5	From noon till night	they worked from morning to night
hand	N	3-2	on the one hand ... , but on the other hand ...	the big hand counts the minutes
encounter	N	1-4	Their encounter was a matter of chance	there was a brief encounter in the hallway
chain	N	6-5	The third link of the silver chain needs to be resoldered .	This led to an unfortunate chain of events .
break	V	0-2	break a promise	The recession broke some small businesses .
path	N	1-5	The path of a meteor , of a caravan , or of a storm	genius usually follows a revolutionary path
progress	N	7-4	The thick branches overhanging the path made progress difficult .	he listened for the progress of the troops
ball	N	5-4	he played with his rubber ball in the bathtub	he threw nine straight balls before the manager yanked him
go	V	0-2	go about the world in a certain manner	We should go farther in this matter
top	N	3-7	I bought this top as it matches my jeans .	a relief pitcher took over in the top of the fifth
spin	N	9-7	One of the planet 's moons has a slower spin than the others .	he took the new car for a spin
floor	N	2-1	The pit floor showed where a ring of post holes had been .	the floor of the pelvis
smooth	V	0-0	smooth the way towards peace negotiations	smooth the surface of the wood
life	N	6-6	he wanted to live his own life without interference from others	She 's my love , my life .
work	V	0-0	work the metal	work your way through every problem or task
role	N	3-1	what is your role on the team ?	The role of women has changed significantly in the last century .
take	V	1-1	We take all major credit cards .	It takes nerve to do what she did
head	N	1-6	a head of cauliflower	A reduction in the assessment per head of sheep
exercise	N	6-4	The teacher told us the next exercise is to write an essay .	the doctor recommended regular exercise
chain	N	5-6	This led to an unfortunate chain of events .	The third link of the silver chain needs to be resoldered .
piece	N	6-4	I need to rest for a piece	she bought a lovely piece of china
separation	N	1-4	the separation of wheat from chaff	he hid in the separation between walls
strike	V	0-0	strike a bargain	strike a balance
discover	V	10-1	The story is false , so far as I can discover	I discovered what to do .
hold	V	1-1	To hold true ;    to hold good	I hold with those who say life is sacred
luck	N	2-4	they say luck is a lady	it was my good luck to be there
example	N	6-4	but there is always the famous example of the Smiths	I profited from his example
get	V	3-3	She did n't get to Chicago until after midnight	It must be getting more serious
pay	V	2-3	You 'll pay for this !	She had to pay the penalty for speaking out rashly
butt	N	2-7	Get your butt to the car .	he deserves a good kick in the butt
business	N	0-7	business is good today	They did nearly a million dollars of business over the long weekend .
take	V	1-3	I take it you 're not going ?	You ca n't take credit for this !
product	N	3-1	they improve their product every year	the product of 2 and 3 is 6
sense	N	1-1	a sense of danger	A sense of security
ambition	N	1-1	his ambition is to own his own business	My ambition is to own a helicopter .
understand	V	1-1	I understand what she means	I understand how to do it .
lightning	N	1-5	The lightning was hot enough to melt the sand .	That tree was hit by lightning .
way	N	4-5	Do you know the way to the airport ?	they split the loot three ways
take	V	0-5	take action	I estimate the trip will take about ten minutes .
fall	V	0-0	fall into a strange way of thinking	fall asleep
work	V	0-7	work stone into tools	this unpleasant situation is n't going to work itself out
take	V	1-1	I take aspirin every day to thin my blood .	She takes Route 1 to Newark
post	V	1-0	To post someone for cowardice	post a warning
reduce	V	0-0	reduce a problem to a single question	reduce one 's standard of living
play	V	0-1	play cards	Gielgud played Hamlet
call	N	6-10	after two raises there was a call	the characters in Henry James ' novels are forever paying calls on each other , usually in the parlor of some residence
go	V	4-6	how did your interview go ?	Do you think the sofa will go through the door ?     The belt just barely went around his waist .
lift	V	2-0	You never lift a finger to help me !	Lift a load
cold	N	5-0	come in out of the cold	cold is a vasoconstrictor
visibility	N	1-1	The visibility from that angle was good .	low visibility caused by fog
make	V	2-0	He will make a fine father	make a cake
give	V	0-2	give a yelp	This student gives promise of real creativity
take	V	3-0	I used to take The Sunday Times .	take action
connect	V	2-1	Can you connect the two loudspeakers ?	Herman connected the computers together .
cover	V	0-2	cover her face with a handkerchief	The period covered the turn of the century
stabilization	N	0-1	stabilization means that the product can be handled under atmospheric conditions	wage stabilization is necessary for industrial peace
fatigue	N	1-13	political fatigue	after watching TV with her husband she had a bad case of football fatigue
make	V	3-0	What do you make of his remarks ?	make friends
quibble	V	3-3	Let 's not quibble over pennies	They are constantly quibbling over insignificant details .
make	V	0-0	make water into wine	make laws
give	V	0-1	give a course	She gave the boy a good spanking
expression	N	17-1	The best poker players can tell if the opponents have a good hand by looking at their expression .	Her expression changed from joy to misery after realising her winning lottery ticket had expired .
energy	N	0-5	energy can take a wide variety of forms	Europeans often laugh at American energy
lead	N	3-9	he takes the lead in any group	we were just waiting for someone to take the lead
draw	V	0-0	draw a conclusion	Draw me a horse
blowout	N	5-6	as a result of the blowout we lost all the lights	the right front tire had a blowout
connection	N	3-1	there was a connection via the internet	The connection between overeating and obesity
extension	N	4-0	the wire has an extension of 50 feet	extension of the program to all in need
cut	V	0-0	cut a movie scene	cut a record
keep	V	0-3	keep potatoes fresh	I can not keep track of all my employees
extension	N	4-1	they applied for an extension of the loan	the extension of ` satellite of Mars ' is the set containing only Demos and Phobos
unit	N	1-8	a unit of wheat is a bushel	He was a member of a special police unit .
complexion	N	3-3	he altered the complexion of his times	a liberal political complexion
year	N	2-2	This Chinese year is the year of the Rooster .	A normal year has 365 full days , but there are 366 days in a leap year .
line	N	2-5	toe the line	they attacked the enemy 's line
drive	V	0-1	drive the forest	We drove the car to the garage
clearance	N	3-4	The plane got clearance from air traffic control , and we were off .	the plane was given clearance to land
return	N	1-2	the return of spring	the average return was about 5 %
know	V	3-6	I want to know who is winning the game !	It is vital that he not know .    She knew of our plan .
make	V	0-0	make laws	Make plans
stick	V	0-0	stick your thumb in the crack	stick some feathers in the turkey before you serve it
inventory	N	1-3	an inventory may be necessary to see if anything is missing	they held an inventory every month
carry	V	2-1	These pipes carry waste water into the river	Amanda carried the package from home .
imbalance	N	2-2	a hormonal imbalance	The growing imbalances between the rich and poor first lead to more crime .
addition	N	1-1	the addition of a leap day every four years	the addition of cinnamon improved the flavor
work	V	5-2	This old radio does n't work anymore	This pilot works the controls
member	N	3-0	Canada is a member of the United Nations	members of the opposite sex
board	V	4-4	It is time to board the aircraft .	The old lady is boarding three men
shame	N	6-3	The teenager could n't bear the shame of introducing his parents .	one mistake brought shame to all his family
throw	V	2-6	have , throw , or make a party	Throw a shoe ;     throw a javelin ;     the horse threw its rider
difference	N	6-3	It just wo n't make much difference to me .	there were irreconcilable differences
fabric	N	1-1	The fabric of the universe	The fabric of our lives
leak	N	1-6	A leak in a gas pipe	he had to clean up the leak
get	V	4-3	The operator could n't get Kobe because of the earthquake	What did you get at the toy store ?
hold	V	0-4	hold your tongue	A crazy idea took hold of him
stone	V	3-2	People wanted to stone the woman who had a child out of wedlock	She got stoned to death after they found her .
deal	V	0-2	deal a blow to someone	I can deal with this crew of workers
break	V	0-2	break cigarette smoking	The clouds broke after the heavy downpour
break	V	2-0	let 's break for lunch	break cigarette smoking
leave	V	0-0	leave the flowers that you see in the park behind	leave it as is
strike	V	0-2	strike fire from the flintstone	The boxer struck the attacker dead
empty	V	1-0	To empty a well or a cistern	Empty the water
distress	N	3-6	a ship in distress	she was the classic maiden in distress
narrowness	N	3-8	frustrated by the narrowness of people 's horizons	the attraction of the book is precisely its narrowness of focus
hold	V	1-0	To hold true ;    to hold good	Hold that position behind the trees !
tea	N	0-6	tea has fragrant white flowers	we met at the Dean 's tea for newcomers
attack	V	5-1	The visiting team started to attack	I attacked the problem as soon as I got out of bed
quality	N	3-14	a man of quality	While being impulsive can be great for artists , it is not a desirable quality for engineers .
run	V	0-3	run a new program on the Mac	The horse will run the Preakness next year .
depth	N	1-2	the depth of the water	from the depths of darkest Africa
take	V	2-0	can you take me to the main entrance ?	Take the case of China
work	V	4-1	She never did any work because she inherited a lot of money	She works as a waitress to put herself through college
bum	N	9-4	That guy keeps interrupting the concert . Throw the bum out !	That mechanic 's a bum - he could n't fix a yo - yo .
come	V	2-2	He 's come a long way	The shoes came untied
smile	N	3-4	She had a smile on her face .	He has a sinister smile .
mark	V	0-2	mark homework	This sign marks the border
hold	V	6-1	To carry well , i.e. to hold the head high , with arching neck	She holds her head high
turn	V	0-0	turn a somersault	turn cartwheels
trace	V	0-0	trace a pattern	trace the student 's progress
head	N	1-3	200 head of cattle and 50 head of horses	They shot 20 head of quail
period	N	2-2	hastened the period of time of his recovery	a time period of 30 years
faith	N	3-5	he cherished the faith of a good woman	a member of his own faith contradicted him
finish	N	10-9	when these final episodes are broadcast it will be the finish of the show	almost an inspiration which gives to all work that finish which is almost art "-- Joseph Conrad
distribute	V	4-1	The publisher wants to distribute the book in Asia	Values distribute
break	V	0-1	break a record	Voices broke in the air
piece	N	6-2	the children acted out a comic piece to amuse the guests	an important piece of the evidence
faith	N	2-2	they broke faith with their investors	keep the faith
carry	V	1-6	We carry a very large mortgage	How many credits is this student carrying ?
detail	N	5-1	the essay contained too much detail	a detail was sent to remove the fallen trees
post	N	7-2	if you hurry you 'll catch the post	this military post provides an important source of income for the town nearby
get	V	3-2	She did n't get to Chicago until after midnight	the cat got the goldfish
bank	N	1-3	the bank is on the corner of Nassau and Witherspoon	he operated a bank of switches
work	V	3-4	He could not work the math problem	This method does n't work
shoot	V	0-1	shoot a movie	He shot seventeen stills .
cut	V	2-0	The Vietnamese cut a lot of timber while they occupied Cambodia	cut recording tape
field	N	10-1	There are several species of wild flowers growing in this field .	Oil field ;    gold field
reseat	V	2-0	We should reseat this cinema - the old seats are worn .	reseat Carnegie Hall
run	N	3-6	she got a run in her stocking	The bus on the Cherry Street run is always crowded .
turn	V	0-0	turn cartwheels	turn a page of a book
forefront	N	6-6	the Cotswolds were once at the forefront of woollen manufacturing in England	That laboratory researches topics at the forefront of technology .
bestow	V	0-2	bestow an honor on someone	Medals were bestowed on the winning team .
charge	N	4-2	There will be a charge of five dollars .	the admission charge
break	V	0-0	break a law	break a promise
number	N	3-6	he had a number of chores to do	it was one of the best numbers he ever did
approach	V	1-2	To approach the city	We were approaching our destination
set	V	0-1	set this poem to music	To set pear trees in an orchard
cover	V	0-2	cover her face with a handkerchief	The female covers the eggs
drill	V	0-2	drill for oil	do n't drill here , there 's a gas pipe
hold	V	6-0	To carry well , i.e. to hold the head high , with arching neck	Hold the fire extinguisher directly on the flames
vouch	V	1-1	I vouch for the quality of my products	He vouched his words by his deeds
check	V	0-0	check the brakes	Check out the engine
worry	N	5-4	it is not work but worry that kills	I 'm afflicted by worry throughout the night .
insulate	V	5-4	Ceramic can be used to insulate power lines .	We had his bedroom insulated before winter came
part	N	6-1	he tried to sing the tenor part	his part was right in the middle
be	V	2-2	I shall be writing to you soon .	The dog was drowned by the boy .
line	N	9-2	I tried to make a call , but the line was dead .	A dedicated line
make	V	3-0	What do you make of his remarks ?	make merry
run	V	2-1	Do n't run that software unless you have permission . '	They ran twenty blood tests on me and they still do n't know what 's wrong .
air	N	5-1	the program was on the air from 9 til midnight	an air of mystery
break	V	0-0	break down a proof	break a law
advance	N	1-3	An advance in health or knowledge	she rejected his advances
think	V	3-1	She did n't think to harm me	I thought for three hours about the problem and still could n't find the solution .
bum	N	4-9	Fred is becoming a bum - he 's not even bothering to work more than once a month .	That guy keeps interrupting the concert . Throw the bum out !
significance	N	1-1	The significance of a gesture	the significance of his remark became clear only later
conflict	N	1-4	The conflict between the government and the rebels began three years ago .	he was immobilized by conflict and indecision
unravel	V	3-11	Mother could n't unravel the ball of wool after the cat had played with it .	Stop playing with the seam of the tablecloth ! You will unravel it .
care	V	3-3	I do n't care what he does .	I do n't care
air	N	4-7	I need some fresh air	open a window and let in some air
post	N	3-3	he occupied a post in the treasury	a pair of posts marked the goal
chance	N	3-3	now is your chance	We had the chance to meet the president last week .
excuse	N	4-9	He 's a sorry excuse of a doctor .	he had to get his mother to write an excuse for him
take	V	0-0	take steps	take a scene
make	V	0-1	make the bed	To make like a deer caught in the headlights .
component	N	4-1	A CPU is a component of a computer .	spare components for cars
snorter	N	6-5	The maths problem is a real snorter , is n't it ?	the problem was a real snorter
credit	N	3-9	he was given credit for his work	He arrived five minutes late , but to his credit he did work an extra ten minutes at the end of his shift .
carry	V	0-2	carry the suitcases to the car	These pipes carry waste water into the river
keep	V	2-3	May God keep you	The student was kept after school
union	N	4-2	there is strength in union	the Soviet Union
head	N	5-3	tickets are $ 5 per head	They shot 20 head of quail
keep	V	0-0	keep potatoes fresh	keep notes
communicate	V	12-3	I feel I hardly know him ; I just wish he 'd communicate with me a little more .	Many deaf people communicate with sign language .
follow	V	2-4	Can you follow her argument ?	The police had been following him for weeks but they could not prove his involvement in the bombing
cut	V	2-0	The boat cut the water	cut a caper
remove	V	0-0	remove a threat	Remove the dirty dishes from the table
arouse	V	0-1	arouse pity	To arouse jealousy
know	V	6-1	It is vital that he not know .    She knew of our plan .	I know it 's time
take	V	3-3	I used to take The Sunday Times .	You ca n't take credit for this !
spread	V	1-2	I spread the rice grains evenly over the floor .	the rumor spread
block	V	0-1	block a garment	I blocked the mittens by wetting them and pinning them to a shaped piece of cardboard .
confluence	N	5-7	Pittsburgh is located at the confluence of the Allegheny and Monongahela rivers	We encountered an abandoned boat at the confluence of the Mississippi and Ohio Rivers .
break	V	2-2	Nobody can break out -- this prison is high security	Let 's break for lunch .
drill	V	0-0	drill for oil	Drill a small hole to start the screw in the right direction .
space	N	8-1	they tested his ability to locate objects in space	the spaces are the notes F - A - C - E
enter	V	0-0	enter a drug treatment program	enter negotiations
work	V	3-0	I can not work a miracle	work the clay until it is soft
estate	N	5-8	the family owned a large estate on Long Island	There are 50 acres of land in this estate .
compass	N	2-2	Within the compass of an encircling wall	within the compass of education
put	V	0-0	put these words to music	Put money into bonds
fear	V	1-1	I fear for their safety .	I fear the worst will happen .
give	V	4-2	This material does n't give	This student gives promise of real creativity
adultery	N	0-3	adultery is often cited as grounds for divorce	She engaged in adultery because her spouse has a low libido , while hers is very high .
hold	V	2-0	She can hold an audience spellbound	hold your breath
way	N	4-3	if I had my way	that 's the way it is
school	N	3-1	he walked to school every morning	a school of small glittering fish swam by
come	V	0-1	come out of the closet !	He came through the door .
confidence	N	2-5	I have confidence in our team	everyone trusted him with their confidences
reduce	V	3-2	The sauce should reduce to one cup	The cells reduce
sale	N	5-6	they had to complete the sale before the banks closed	he has just made his first sale
order	N	4-2	it was on the order of a mile	law and order
number	N	7-5	this sweater is an all - wool number	she preferred the black nylon number
make	V	0-1	make water into wine	He made to speak but said nothing in the end
throw	V	0-2	throw the car into reverse	The horse threw its inexperienced rider
discover	V	10-1	The story is false , so far as I can discover	I discovered the fleece .
raise	V	1-8	To raise somebody to office	Chew with your mouth shut — were you raised in a barn ?
way	N	2-1	a lonely way of life	make way for
krona	N	1-8	Papīra krona — paper krona ( i.e. , bills , banknotes )	Kronas kurss — the exchange rate of the krona
carry	V	7-2	he had drunk more than he could carry	The troops carried the town after a brief fight
break	V	0-2	break the cycle of poverty	The dam broke
go	V	4-0	His knowledge does n't go very far	go about the world in a certain manner
want	V	1-2	I want to go home now	This piano wants the attention of a competent tuner
strip	V	2-0	Norm will strip the old varnish before painting the chair .	strip a wall of its wallpaper
torrent	N	3-1	They endured a torrent of inquiries .	a torrent of abuse
competition	N	5-1	The newspaper is featuring a competition to win a car .	business competition can be fiendish at times
hold	V	0-2	hold one 's nose	The canteen holds fresh water
cover	V	0-4	cover the grave with flowers	The insurance wo n't cover this
origin	N	0-1	origin in sensation	mineral origin
play	N	3-5	there was heavy play at the blackjack table	the ball was still in play
speak	V	1-4	they speak a strange dialect	Although I do n't speak Chinese I managed to talk with the villagers using signs and gestures .
kill	V	1-2	cigarettes kill	drunken driving kills
hall	N	8-7	the elevators were at the end of the hall	The drinking fountain was out in the hall .
make	V	0-1	make a dress	This makes the third infraction
raise	V	0-0	raise a mutiny	raise the roof
strike	V	0-2	strike coins	We will strike a medal in your honour .
sense	N	1-1	a sense of security	a sense of danger
break	V	0-2	break the code	The referee broke the boxers
set	V	0-2	set up an experiment	The moon sets at eight o'clock tonight .
subject	N	2-16	Her favorite subject is physics .	a moving picture of a train is more dramatic than a still picture of the same subject
drive	V	0-3	drive the cows into the barn	Their debts finally drove them to sell the business .
pay	V	2-2	You 'll pay for this opinion later	You 'll pay for this !
orbit	N	3-3	The Moon 's orbit around the Earth takes nearly one month to complete .	in the political orbit of a world power
raise	V	1-0	We raise hogs here	raise the question of promotions
love	N	5-3	So that 's fifteen - love to Kournikova .	it was 40 love
door	N	3-7	education is the door to success	I knocked on the vice president 's door
dingbat	N	4-8	you would be a dingbat even to try it	yet here he was with an upper class dingbat who just happened to be married to his sister
practice	N	4-1	I took over his practice when he retired	the practice of the law
range	N	0-5	range of motion	the army maintains a missile range in the desert
ear	N	4-2	he had a keen ear	a good ear for pitch
love	N	3-5	A mother 's love is not easily shaken .	the theater was her first love
break	V	0-2	break a lucky streak	The policeman broke sixty on a residential street in his hurry to catch the thief .
direction	N	5-3	Keep going in the same direction .	he had no direction in his life
summer	V	3-3	We like to summer in the Mediterranean .	My family always summered at the seashore .
carry	V	2-1	The airwaves carry the sound	Amanda carried the package from home .
quotation	N	4-8	Let 's get a quotation for repairing the roof before we decide whether it 's worth doing .	since he lacks originality he must rely on quotation
melt	V	0-2	melt butter	The wax melted in the sun
credit	N	3-2	he was given credit for his work	give her credit for trying
dress	V	0-1	dress the windows	Marlene dressed herself .
interest	N	3-2	in the common interest	in the interest of safety
tail	N	4-25	Most primates have a tail and fangs .	After the burly macho nudists ' polar bear dip , their tails were spectacularly shrunk , so they looked like an immature kid 's innocent tail .
time	N	9-3	The judge leniently granted a sentence with no hard time .     He is not living at home because he is doing time .	he is doing time in the county jail
flood	V	0-2	flood the market with tennis shoes	The images flooded his mind
neck	N	5-5	the bottle had a wide neck	the banjo had a long neck
get	V	0-0	get someone mad	Get your results the next day
classify	V	3-1	How would you classify these pottery shards -- are they prehistoric ?	She classified the articles into different genres .
day	N	7-2	he was a successful pianist in his day	in the days of sailing ships
right	N	3-4	You have no right to go through my personal diary .	he stood on the right
check	N	3-5	they made a check of their equipment	the pilot ran through the check - out procedure
take	V	0-0	take a scene	Take a test
sign	N	3-2	charges of opposite sign	he posted signs in all the shop windows
go	V	6-5	How fast does your new car go ?	These luxuries all had to go under the Khmer Rouge
shopping	N	3-6	she loaded her shopping into the car"women carrying home shopping did n't give me a second glance	I carried three heavy bags of shopping up the stairs .
break	V	3-2	I had to break a $ 100 bill just to buy the candy	Can you break a hundred - dollar bill for me ?
normalize	V	0-9	normalize the temperature	There is little hope that the two countries will normalize relations ; their governments seem to hate each other and would just as soon stay on bad terms .
take	V	3-3	You ca n't take credit for this !	The test grader takes off a point for every misspelled word .
help	V	3-3	She could not help watching the sad spectacle	This money will help the development of literacy in developing countries
impact	N	8-5	Our choice of concrete will have a tremendous impact on the building 's mechanical performance .	the book had an important impact on my thinking
catch	N	5-2	The kids love to play catch .	he played catch with his son in the backyard
grace	N	4-8	there but for the grace of God go I	I 'm so grateful to God for the grace that He has given me .
make	V	0-1	make a decision	She makes like an actress
connect	V	4-5	Operator , could you connect me to the Raffles in Singapore ?	The local train does not connect with the Amtrak train
church	N	6-5	This building used to be a church before being converted into a library .	There is a lovely little church in the valley .
pottery	N	5-5	The shelves were lined with pottery of all shapes and sizes .	Bernard Leach was skilled at pottery .
point	N	6-3	he held me up at the point of a gun	get to the point
normalize	V	0-9	normalize relations with China	There is little hope that the two countries will normalize relations ; their governments seem to hate each other and would just as soon stay on bad terms .
book	N	4-5	he used a large book as a doorstop	Many readers find the first book of A Tale of Two Cities to be confusing .
light	N	7-4	Hey , buddy , you got a light ?	do you have a light ?
break	V	0-3	break a branch from a tree	The business partners broke over a tax question
present	N	5-4	that is enough for the present	he lives in the present with no thought of tomorrow
matter	N	6-1	physicists study both the nature of matter and the forces which govern it	Printed matter ;    He always took some reading matter with him on the plane .
dress	V	3-3	we had to dress quickly	Can the child dress by herself ?
fatigue	N	13-1	after watching TV with her husband she had a bad case of football fatigue	political fatigue
break	V	10-1	If the vase falls to the floor , it might break .	He broke the glass plate
freeze	V	13-5	Do n't go outside wearing just a t - shirt ; you 'll freeze !	The water in the bowl froze
service	V	0-6	service my truck	the washing machine needs to be serviced
iota	N	5-3	As a Greek numeral , iota represents ten .	There are twelve iotas on that page .
call	V	3-4	I would not call her beautiful	Take two aspirin and call me in the morning
cut	V	2-2	The baby cut a tooth	The sweat cut little rivulets into her face
burn	V	1-2	To burn the mouth with pepper	The iron burnt a hole in my dress
turn	V	6-3	The Earth turns ;    turn on the spot	The wheels are turning
mouth	N	5-5	New York is at the mouth of the Hudson	the jar had a wide mouth
question	N	3-1	There was a question of which material to use .	the question of disease merits serious discussion
waste	N	3-3	they collect the waste once a week	much of the waste material is carried off in the sewers
face	N	4-1	They climbed the north face of the mountain .	the face of the city is changing
loss	N	6-7	It was written off as a loss .	everyone expected him to win so his loss was a shock
cut	V	3-1	Would you please cut the cake ?	She cut him dead at the meeting
roll	V	9-2	I want to get there early ; let 's roll .	The water rolled
air	N	6-7	There was a tension in the air which made me suspect an approaching storm .	open a window and let in some air
region	N	4-2	here we enter the region of opinion	the farming regions of France
sex	N	2-10	We had sex in the back seat .	( The believers ... those ... ) who abstain from sex
run	V	2-0	I will run the sample .	Run the wire behind the cabinet
play	V	0-0	play fair	play safe
clearance	N	2-4	He got clearance to travel to America , even though he had previous links to terrorists	the plane was given clearance to land
read	V	2-4	The gauge read ` empty '	This dictionary can be read by the computer
see	V	3-6	I ca n't see him on horseback !	Did you know that she is seeing an older man ?
place	N	5-1	a political system with no place for the less prominent groups	a place in my heart
grip	N	11-4	it was an old briefcase but it still had a good grip	There are several good grips on the northern face of this rock .
carry	V	2-3	These bonds carry warrants	This new washer carries a two year guarantee
right	N	4-6	he stood on the right	The pharmacy is just on the right past the bookshop .
trial	N	6-5	a sample for ten days free trial	candidates must compete in a trial of skill
make	V	3-3	This invention will make you a millionaire	What do you make of his remarks ?
beat	V	0-0	beat a path through the forest	Beat the rhythm
inventory	N	10-4	they stopped selling in exact sizes in order to reduce inventory	Due to an undersized inventory at the Boston outlet , customers had to travel to Providence to find the item .
give	V	3-2	The French doors give onto a terrace	The wall gave in
lift	V	0-0	lift potatoes	lift my spirits
coverage	N	11-3	The enemy fire is increasing – can we get some immediate coverage from those bunkers ?	the dictionary 's coverage of standard English is excellent
interpreter	N	5-5	she was famous as an interpreter of Shakespearean roles	his paintings reveal a sensitive interpreter of nature
body	N	1-3	the body of the car was badly rusted	wool has more body than rayon
see	V	3-2	I went to see my friend Mary the other day	I must see your passport before you can enter the country
score	N	2-5	settling a score	The player with the highest score is the winner .
ground	N	6-2	he dropped the logs on the ground	they gained ground step by step
tea	N	4-8	Would you like some tea ?	the store shelves held many different kinds of tea
pain	N	1-5	the pain of loneliness	that kid is a terrible pain
crown	V	0-2	crown my teeth	The speech crowned the meeting
line	N	4-2	he has a smooth line but I did n't fall for it	A dedicated line
top	N	7-3	a relief pitcher took over in the top of the fifth	I bought this top as it matches my jeans .
spread	V	0-3	spread cheese on a piece of bread	She liked to spread butter on her toast while it was still hot .
job	N	1-4	the job of repairing the engine took several hours	I 've got a job for you - could you wash the dishes ?
start	V	1-1	I start my day with a good breakfast	Who started this company ?
range	V	7-2	Estimates for the losses in the earthquake range as high as $ 2 billion	The instruments ranged from tuba to cymbals
polish	V	0-1	polish your social manners	He polished up the chrome until it gleamed .
make	V	0-0	make one 's way into the forest	Make yourself clear
stuff	N	5-3	the trunk was full of stuff	wheat is the stuff they use to make bread
take	V	4-3	Tomorrow the doctor will take the cast off her arm .	The test grader takes off a point for every misspelled word .
time	N	4-1	When was the last time we went out ? I do n't remember .	this time he succeeded
carry	V	2-1	Do you carry kerosene heaters ?	We carry a very large mortgage
cut	V	6-0	The glass from the shattered windshield cut into her forehead	cut a movie scene
spell	N	3-3	He cast a spell to cure warts .	he whispered a spell as he moved his hands
render	V	1-0	To render Latin into English	render the town to the enemy
number	N	7-6	this sweater is an all - wool number	it was one of the best numbers he ever did
give	V	0-1	give thought to	I gave two sons to the war
roll	V	9-2	I want to get there early ; let 's roll .	The drawer rolled open .
pay	V	0-1	pay attention	He paid off the loan three months early .
commission	N	3-3	he works on commission	A reseller 's commission
pace	N	5-7	he lived at a fast pace	Even at the duel , standing 10 paces apart , he could have satisfied Aaron 's honor .
set	N	1-1	the set of prime numbers is infinite	the set of his mind was obvious
see	V	3-3	I 'll probably see you at the meeting	I ca n't see him on horseback !
seat	N	1-3	The seat of these trousers is almost worn through .	he booked their seats in advance
production	N	13-5	They improve their product every year ; they export most of their agricultural production .	They hope to increase spaghetti production next year .
give	V	2-1	Can I give you my keys while I go in the pool ?	She gave me a dirty look
figure	N	1-7	a figure of $ 17 was suggested	the area covered can be seen from Figure 2
work	V	3-2	I can not work a miracle	Can you work an electric drill ?
work	V	4-4	He used pliers to work the wire into shape .	This dough does not work easily
go	V	2-1	Messages must go through diplomatic channels	She went through a lot of trouble
train	N	1-10	a train of thought	Unfortunately , the leading bridesmaid stepped on the bride 's train as they were walking down the aisle .
seat	N	5-1	he was elected to a seat in the Senate	the seat of his pants was worn through
draw	V	0-0	draw parallels	draw a wagon
hit	V	1-3	Jones hit for the pitcher .	I have to hit the MAC machine before the weekend starts
force	N	1-0	A force out was recorded on the scorecard .	force equals mass times acceleration
make	V	0-0	make laws	make water into wine
line	N	5-3	they attacked the enemy 's line	drop me a line when you get there
check	N	6-10	he paid all his bills by check	I was not carrying cash , so I wrote a check for the amount .
draw	V	0-1	draw parallels	He drew an elaborate plan of attack
vocabulary	N	2-1	My Russian vocabulary is very limited .	The vocabulary of any language is influenced by contacts with other cultures .
volume	N	4-7	Please turn down the volume on the stereo .	the kids played their music at full volume
develop	V	0-1	develop a passion for painting	Please develop this roll of film .
crash	V	4-2	will the stock market crash again ?	The car crashed through the glass door
develop	V	0-1	develop a market for the new mobile phone	Please develop this roll of film .
opening	N	4-4	He slipped through an opening in the crowd .	there was a small opening between the trees
make	V	3-2	They hope to make a bigger profit	This wool makes into a nice sweater
stretch	V	0-2	stretch the imagination	I always stretch my muscles before exercising .
liking	N	5-3	I 've always had a liking for reading	she developed a liking for gin
tendency	N	1-3	a tendency to be too strict	Denim has a tendency to fade .
treat	V	0-1	treat an oil spill	You treated me like a fool .
sign	N	4-3	The hunters found deer sign at the end of the trail .	they welcomed the signs of spring
run	V	0-0	run a temperature	run a risk
scale	N	6-1	There are some who question the scale of our ambitions .	the scale of the model
care	V	3-3	I do n't care	He does n't care about how / whether she comes .
ball	N	1-1	the ball rolled into the corner pocket	the ball travelled 90 mph on his serve
beat	V	0-2	beat one 's breast	The eagle beat its wings and soared high into the sky
business	N	15-2	He 's such a poor cook , I ca n't believe he 's still in business !	We do business all over the world .
give	V	2-1	can you give me lessons ?	I gave my coat to the beggar .
head	N	1-2	the head of the nail " , " a pinhead is the head of a pin	under the head of minor Roman poets
play	V	0-1	play the stock market	She plays on her clients ' emotions
use	V	0-6	use your head !	He does n't know how to use a computer
set	V	1-0	To set pear trees in an orchard	set these words in italics
dip	V	0-3	dip the brush into the paint	I had to dip into my savings to buy him this present
run	V	5-1	Does this old car still run well ?	She ran 10 miles that day
put	V	2-0	That song put me in awful good humor	put your ideas in writing
masquerade	N	5-3	I was invited to the masquerade at their home .	a beggar 's masquerade of wealth
note	N	3-5	he detected a note of sarcasm	it ended on a sour note
thing	N	4-3	to say the same thing in other terms	she has a thing about him
corruption	N	0-3	corruption of a minor	the luxury and corruption among the upper classes
introduce	V	0-0	introduce exotic fruits	introduce a rule
take	V	2-1	Do you take sugar in your coffee ?	We take all major credit cards .
sum	N	2-4	A tidy sum	he borrowed a large sum
end	N	12-10	Start at the beginning and go on until you come to the end	the so - called glorious experiment came to an inglorious end
loss	N	1-6	his loss of credibility led to his resignation	The match ended in their first loss of the season .
key	N	1-1	The key to solving this problem is persistence .	The key to winning a game
cut	V	2-1	The baby cut a tooth	This cuts into my earnings
poison	V	3-0	This mushrooms can poison	poison someone 's mind
authority	N	2-3	Respect my authority !	he has the authority to issue warrants
term	N	2-5	the general term of an algebraic equation of the n - th degree	He was sentenced to a term of six years in prison .
strengthen	V	1-2	To strengthen authority	His body strengthened
keep	V	0-3	keep count	I can not keep track of all my employees
play	N	4-4	there was too much play in the steering wheel	it is still my play
stay	V	13-2	We stayed in Hawaii for a week .     I can only stay for an hour .	The judge stayed the execution order
turn	V	4-0	The alchemists tried to turn lead into gold	turn the heat down
pull	V	0-2	pull a bank robbery	He regularly pulls 12-hour days , sometimes 14 .
hand	N	2-2	a ranch hand	the hired hand fixed the railing
luck	N	4-1	Gilbert had some bad luck yesterday — he got pick - pocketed and lost fifty dollars .	bad luck caused his downfall
play	N	6-3	We saw a two - act play in the theatre .	he wrote several plays but only one was produced on Broadway
language	N	3-2	he uttered harsh language	The English language ;    sign language
be	V	2-1	I shall be writing to you soon .	She is our resident philosopher
breath	N	6-4	I could feel the runner 's breath on my shoulder .	he took a deep breath and dived into the pool
field	V	2-2	She will field questions immediately after her presentation .	The lawyer fielded all questions from the press
seat	N	4-4	he dusted off the seat before sitting down	There are two hundred seats in this classroom .
fair	N	1-1	world fair	trade fair
shot	N	2-6	a good shot requires good balance and tempo	he left me an almost impossible shot
ghost	N	7-4	he looked like he had seen a ghost	Everyone showed that the ghost of an old lady haunted this crypt .
camp	V	4-4	The houseguests had to camp in the living room	We 're planning to camp in the field until Sunday .
demobilization	N	0-1	demobilization of factories	immediate demobilization of the reserves
get	V	4-1	The operator could n't get Kobe because of the earthquake	She got the mood just right in her photographs
land	V	4-2	Use the net to land the fish .	this may land you in jail
break	V	5-5	The horse was tough to break	I ca n't believe she broke 3 under par !
break	V	0-1	break a branch from a tree	Someone broke in while I was on vacation
mail	N	1-6	the mail handles billions of items every day	he works for the United States mail service
pull	V	7-0	You 'll be sent home if you pull another stunt like that .	pull your knees towards your chin
place	N	7-1	he put the lamp back in its place	a place in my heart
way	N	1-4	make way for	did n't know the way home
color	N	4-7	she used a different color for the trim	each flavor of quarks comes in three colors
work	N	1-7	the work of an active imagination	a lot of people are out of work
shift	V	0-4	shift one 's attention	We 'll have to shift these boxes to the downtown office .
spell	N	3-3	he whispered a spell as he moved his hands	He cast a spell to cure warts .
twinkle	N	9-4	He was a rotund , jolly man with a twinkle in his eye .	there 's a perpetual twinkle in his eyes
year	N	2-5	in the year 1920	I was born in the year 1950 .
come	V	0-2	come into contact with a terrorist group	The water came to a boil
gift	N	5-3	The office is in the gift of the President .	She had a gift for playing the flute .
hold	V	2-2	She can hold an audience spellbound	The soprano held the audience
day	N	2-6	after that day she never trusted him again	I 've been here for 2 days and a bit .
cut	V	0-1	cut a caper	We cut through the neighbor 's yard to get home sooner
past	N	2-13	forget the past	A book about a time machine that can transport people back into the past
language	N	1-3	the language introduced is standard throughout the text	The gift of language
fall	V	0-1	fall into a trap	She fell ill
turn	V	0-0	turn cartwheels	turn the dial to 10
keep	V	0-8	keep food for a week in the pantry	There 's little to earn and many to keep
fit	V	5-4	The small shirt does n't fit me , so I 'll buy the medium size .	How does this shirt fit ?
get	V	3-2	She did n't get the joke	did you get it ?
note	N	3-1	there was a note of gaiety in her manner	his notes were appended at the end of the article
make	V	0-2	make a mistake	My wife made me buy a new sofa
grate	V	0-0	grate carrots and onions	grate nutmeg
piece	N	2-4	an important piece of the evidence	he wrote an interesting piece on Iran
hunt	V	4-4	The King used to hunt these forests	Her uncle is out hunting deer , now that it is open season .
head	N	3-1	They shot 20 head of quail	200 head of cattle
bite	N	1-5	the bite of satire	I 'll have a quick bite to quiet my stomach until dinner .
point	N	8-5	We should meet at a pre - arranged point .	they sailed south around the point
birth	N	4-4	his election signaled the birth of a new age	they divorced after the birth of the child
catch	V	11-0	I have some free time tonight so I think I 'll catch a movie .	Catch some sleep
cover	V	0-0	cover the child with a blanket	cover her face with a handkerchief
orbit	V	1-2	electrons orbit the nucleus	The moon orbits around the Earth
point	N	5-3	Cut the skin with the point of the knife .	a row of points
patch	N	1-0	a patch of clouds	patches of thin ice
carry	V	1-1	I carry her image in my mind 's eye	To carry an account to the ledger
pull	N	5-1	The spaceship came under the pull of the gas giant .	the pull of the moon
head	N	3-6	They shot 20 head of quail	At five years of age this head of cattle is worth perhaps $ 40
work	V	2-1	I will work hard to improve my grades	John worked with Paul on the task .
damage	N	4-6	" What 's the damage ? " he asked the waiter .	The storm did a lot of damage to the area .
match	V	4-4	Their interests did n't match , so it took a long time to agree what to do together .	Matchmaker , can you match my daughter with a nice young man ?
cut	V	2-4	If you cut then I 'll deal .	The employer wants to cut back health benefits
make	V	1-1	I make the height about 100 feet	She makes like an actress
monopoly	N	2-3	A land monopoly renders its holder(s ) nearly almighty in an agricultural society .	They have no monopoly on intelligence
drive	N	1-2	his drive and energy exhausted his co - workers	the riverside drive offers many exciting scenic views
note	N	14-9	I did n't have any coins to pay with , so I used a note .	he peeled off five one - thousand - zloty notes
pull	N	5-1	The spaceship came under the pull of the gas giant .	the pull of the current
trust	V	3-2	We can not trust anyone who deceives us .	We can trust in God
drop	N	3-4	he had a drop too much to drink	there is not a drop of pity in that man
place	N	1-4	a place in my heart	he has a special place in my thoughts
disposition	N	3-3	I have little disposition now to do as you say .	Salt has a disposition to dissolve in water .
overkill	N	11-12	24 hours of TV coverage of the US election verged on overkill .	Should I give you yet more homework , or would that be overkill ?
trombone	N	1-3	This trombone is very expensive .	Jim plays the trombone very well .
fish	N	3-16	in Japan most fish is eaten raw	after the scare about foot - and - mouth disease a lot of people started eating fish instead of meat
make	V	0-0	make clay into bricks	Make plans
line	V	0-2	line one 's pockets	sorrow had lined his face
fall	V	0-1	fall into a strange way of thinking	They fell out of favor
stretch	N	2-3	by no stretch of the imagination	running at full stretch
period	N	3-2	Picasso 's blue period	hastened the period of time of his recovery
drift	V	0-3	drift the cattle herds westwards	The balloon was drifting in the breeze .
lot	N	2-3	A building lot in a city	he bought a lot on the lake
play	N	4-6	it is still my play	We saw a two - act play in the theatre .
breath	N	6-4	he was fighting to his last breath	I could hear the breath of the runner behind me .
blip	N	5-7	the market had one bad blip today	renewed jitters in the wake of a blip in retail sales
finish	N	2-3	when the finish is too thin it is difficult to apply evenly	The car 's finish was so shiny and new .
run	V	5-3	I 'm not ready to run a marathon .	The horse will run the Preakness next year .
run	N	15-4	He went to Las Vegas and spent all his money over a three - day run .	A rivulet of tears ran down his face .
answer	V	2-4	This may answer her needs	A few words would answer
component	N	1-2	a component or constituent element of a system	the smaller component is hard to reach
stand	N	2-5	a bedside stand	the army made a final stand at the Rhone
shower	N	5-3	her friends organized a baby shower for her when she was expecting	he took a shower after the game
accept	V	0-6	accept students for graduate study	The Boy Scouts were going to accept him as a member .
hit	V	1-2	I hit the jackpot .	The thermometer hit 100 degrees
stock	N	8-8	the rifle had been fitted with a special stock	she made gravy with a base of beef stock
recognition	N	2-2	a sudden recognition of the problem he faced	give her recognition for trying
hand	N	6-6	I did n't hold a good hand all evening	he kept trying to see my hand
compare	V	3-1	You ca n't compare my problems and yours .	We compared notes after we had both seen the movie
loss	N	0-2	loss of livestock left the rancher bankrupt	a serious loss of business
avoid	V	4-1	Her former friends now avoid her	He avoided going to the area .
leave	V	6-3	At what time does your train leave ?	She did n't leave until midnight
end	N	4-3	they rode to the end of the line	she knotted the end of the thread
run	N	5-5	the team enjoyed a brief run of victories	the play had a long run on Broadway
run	V	5-6	Does this old car still run well ?	If you see this man , run !
impact	N	5-8	the book had an important impact on my thinking	Our choice of concrete will have a tremendous impact on the building 's mechanical performance .
grow	V	3-4	Corn does n't grow here	her hair does n't grow much anymore
range	N	7-7	the plains lay just beyond the mountain range	he dreamed of a home on the range
hold	V	0-0	hold in place	hold your breath
ground	N	6-5	they fought to regain the lost ground	The worm crawls through the ground .
plagiarism	N	6-7	Copy from one , it 's plagiarism . Copy from two , it 's research .	Even if it 's not illegal , plagiarism is usually frowned upon .
field	N	6-0	He needs some time in the field before his judgment can be trusted .	Field work traditionally distinguishes true archaeologists from armchair archaeologists .
cup	N	8-1	he wore a jock strap with a metal cup	the cup of her bra
window	N	3-1	they had a window of less than an hour when an attack would have succeeded	Launch window ; window of opportunity
line	N	2-9	A dedicated line	I tried to make a call , but the line was dead .
work	V	3-1	I can not work a miracle .	She works as a waitress to put herself through college
life	N	6-0	he lived a long and happy life	life depends on many chemical and physical processes
ulteriority	N	4-5	a terrible feeling of ulteriority	their conversation was limited to ulteriorities
focus	V	4-1	You 'll need to focus the microscope carefully in order to capture the full detail of this surface .	Please focus the image
help	V	2-2	Please , help !	Can you help me carry this table ?
fall	V	0-0	fall by the wayside	fall prey to an imposter
difficulty	N	4-6	they agreed about the difficulty of the climb	finished the test only with great difficulty
agonist	N	9-4	" when bending the elbow the biceps are the agonist "	" acetylcholine is an agonist at the a cholinergic receptor "
whisk	V	4-3	The chef prepared to whisk the egg whites for the angel 's food cake .	The President was whisked away in his limo
charge	N	2-4	the admission charge	There will be a charge of five dollars .
part	N	4-3	We all have a part to play .	she played the part of Desdemona
run	V	4-4	Run , Sarah , run !	the story or argument runs as follows
keep	V	0-1	keep appointments	We kept to the original conditions of the contract
work	V	4-0	This dough does not work easily	work one 's way through the crowd
tumble	V	5-1	Wash in warm water and tumble dry	They tumbled the teams with no apparent pattern
come	V	0-0	come into the room	come down here !
take	V	3-1	You ca n't take credit for this !	We took an apartment on a quiet street
look	N	5-5	I do n't like the look of the new design .	She got her mother 's looks .
draw	V	0-2	draw a conclusion	The doctors drew medical supplies from the hospital 's emergency bank
head	N	1-6	the head of the whole operation	At five years of age this head of cattle is worth perhaps $ 40
raise	V	1-0	To raise somebody to office	raise a family
defense	N	0-3	defense against hurricanes is an urgent problem	he joined the defense against invasion
book	N	5-4	Many readers find the first book of A Tale of Two Cities to be confusing .	Genesis is the first book of the Bible .
see	V	1-3	I see that you have been promoted	We had to see a psychiatrist
make	V	6-1	One swallow does not a summer make	This makes the third infraction
account	N	1-9	An account of a battle .	he asked to see the executive who handled his account
business	N	15-6	He 's such a poor cook , I ca n't believe he 's still in business !	computers are now widely used in business
cut	N	4-1	That 's our finest cut of meat .	his cut in the lining revealed the hidden jewels
voice	N	6-1	After the fire a still small voice . — 1 Kings 19:12	the voice of the law
hold	V	6-0	To carry well , i.e. to hold the head high , with arching neck	hold your temper
break	V	0-0	break a lucky streak	break the cycle of poverty
front	N	9-5	the Japanese were active last week on the diplomatic front	they advertise on many different fronts
ride	V	2-1	Shorts that ride up	Ship rides at anchor
time	N	3-4	he had a time holding back the tears	they had a good time together
catch	V	2-11	do n't catch your meaning	I have some free time tonight so I think I 'll catch a movie .
make	V	3-1	He did n't make the choir after his voice changed .	She made as if to say hello to us
appointment	N	3-11	They made an appointment to meet at six .	I 'm leaving work early because I have a doctor 's appointment .
eat	V	3-4	What do whales eat ?	This dog does n't eat certain kinds of meat
home	N	5-7	there 's no place like home	he grew up in a good Christian home
support	N	1-4	his support kept the family together	they gave him emotional support during difficult times
use	V	2-6	We can use this mathematical formula to solve the problem .	He does n't know how to use a computer
faith	N	2-5	they broke faith with their investors	a member of his own faith contradicted him
concoction	N	6-4	he volunteered to taste her latest concoction	his testimony was a concoction
grow	V	5-3	In these forests , mushrooms grow under the trees	Corn does n't grow here
unit	N	4-1	The centimetre is a unit of length .	a unit of wheat is a bushel
record	N	5-4	he ruled that the criminal record of the defendant could not be disclosed to the court	the prostitute had a record a mile long
bankruptcy	N	1-1	moral bankruptcy	spiritual bankruptcy
light	N	3-7	there was a light at every corner	they played as long as it was light
withholding	N	5-3	there were allegations of the withholding of evidence	I resented his withholding permission
cut	V	1-2	She cut him dead at the meeting	his opponent cut upward toward his chin
leave	V	6-2	At what time does your train leave ?	The ship leaves at midnight
play	V	0-3	play a hooked fish	She has been playing on Broadway for years
shortness	N	1-3	The shortness of a stubby pencil	The patient 's shortness of breath
give	V	0-1	give a course	I gave two sons to the war
place	N	4-1	he has a special place in my thoughts	your place or mine ?
reaction	N	2-8	a bad reaction to the medicine	The announcement of the verdict brought a violent reaction .
call	V	3-3	I tried to call you all night	The new dean calls meetings every week
cover	V	0-0	cover her face with a handkerchief	cover the grave with flowers
break	V	0-2	break a circuit	The blade broke her skin
head	N	6-1	This song keeps going through my head .	the head of the hammer
break	V	0-0	break the cycle of poverty	break a branch from a tree
splash	N	3-4	I heard a splash when the rock landed in the pond .	he made a great splash and then disappeared
beauty	N	5-3	Brigitte Bardot was a renowned beauty .	his roses were beauties
product	N	4-3	his reaction was the product of hunger and fatigue	they improve their product every year
satisfaction	N	7-6	the chef tasted the sauce with great satisfaction	He enjoyed the dish with great satisfaction . He 'll order it again the next time he arrives .
use	V	6-0	He does n't know how to use a computer	use the plastic bags to store the food
room	N	3-0	hardly enough elbow room to turn around	room to pass
reach	V	2-2	Our advertisements reach millions	His hand reaches the river
noise	N	10-21	the announcement of the election recount caused a lot of noise	whatever it was he did n't like it and he was going to let them know by making as loud a noise as he could
offset	V	2-1	I 'll offset the time difference locally .	To offset one charge against another
side	N	4-6	he never left my side	they always sat on the right side of the church
get	V	3-3	You need to get permission to leave early .	She did n't get to Chicago until after midnight
nick	N	4-7	he 's in the nick	He 's just been released from Shadwell nick prison after doing ten years for attempted murder .
opening	N	4-4	there was a small opening between the trees	He slipped through an opening in the crowd .
visit	V	3-2	Did you ever visit Paris ?	The principal visited his rage on the students
allow	V	1-2	To allow a servant his liberty ;    to allow a free passage ;    to allow one day for rest	Mandela was allowed few visitors in prison
baby	N	6-4	The annual report has been my baby since September .	this project is his baby
hedge	V	5-0	diversify your financial portfolio to hedge price risks	hedge your bets
sing	V	5-2	" I really want to sing in the school choir . " said Vera .	She was singing while she was cooking
range	V	2-7	My students range from very bright to dull	Estimates for the losses in the earthquake range as high as $ 2 billion
term	N	2-7	Near - term , mid - term and long - term goals	he left school before the end of term
flight	N	6-1	Where is the departure gate for flight 747 ? / Go straight down and to the right .	The flight to Paris leaves at 7 o'clock tonight
gold	N	5-6	she has a heart of gold	the child was as good as gold
run	V	5-3	Does this old car still run well ?	The horse will run the Preakness next year .
flatten	V	0-0	flatten your stomach with these exercises	flatten a road
follow	V	7-2	When he lectures , I can not follow	Can you follow her argument ?
voice	N	1-3	the voice of the law	conservatism has many voices
take	V	2-1	can you take me to the main entrance ?	We took the road on the right .
use	V	0-0	use your head !	use the plastic bags to store the food
derivation	N	5-3	he prefers shoes of Italian derivation	music of Turkish derivation
progress	N	4-7	he listened for the progress of the troops	The thick branches overhanging the path made progress difficult .
call	N	6-6	he was ejected for protesting the call	after two raises there was a call
third	N	3-13	Jones came in third .	he answered the first question willingly , the second reluctantly , and the third with resentment
formation	N	1-1	the formation of memories	the formation of sentences
practice	N	4-3	It is the usual practice of employees there to wear neckties only when meeting with customers .	it is their practice to give annual raises
swing	V	5-2	The soccer player began to swing at the referee	This action swung many votes over to his side
ring	N	2-8	the distinctive ring of the church bell	the tintinnabulation that so voluminously swells from the ringing and the dinging of the bells "-- E. A. Poe
leave	V	0-5	leave the young fawn alone	Unfortunately , this cleaning product leaves behind a noticeable residue .
make	V	0-0	make enemies	make a dress
locate	V	7-0	Our sense of sight enables us to locate objects in space	Locate the boundaries of the property
entreaty	N	1-3	an entreaty to stop the fighting	We need an entreaty to stop the hostilities .
house	N	3-3	This is my house and my family 's ancestral home .	he has a house on Cape Cod
give	V	0-3	give a divorce	His two singles gave the team the victory
take	V	3-2	How should I take this message ?	Do you take me for a fool ?
snap	V	1-2	To snap a fastener	The lock snapped shut
play	V	0-0	play safe	play it safe
gob	N	6-4	Oi , you , shut your gob !	He′s always stuffing his gob with fast food .
have	V	5-0	The only girl who would have him was the miller 's daughter	have a lover
microprocessor	N	1-5	a microprocessor functions as the central processing unit of a microcomputer	a disk drive contains a microprocessor to handle the internal functions of the drive
whet	V	1-0	To whet one 's appetite or one 's courage	whet my appetite
operation	N	15-4	It is dangerous to look at the beam of a laser while it is in operation .	they will schedule the operation as soon as an operating room is available
light	N	4-5	he stepped into the light	it brought the scandal to light
round	V	14-0	The total is $ 25,715 but to keep the figures simple , I 'll round it down to $ 25,000 .	round off the amount
give	V	2-0	Can I give you the children for the weekend ?	give a yelp
give	V	2-1	do n't give the child this tough meat	He gave his life for his children
drive	V	0-1	drive the game	He drives a bread truck
face	N	7-6	She wanted to wipe him off the face of the earth .	Put a big sign on each face of the building that can be seen from the road .
break	V	5-2	The horse was tough to break	The surf broke
world	N	2-8	all the world loves a lover	People are dying of starvation all over the world .
floor	N	1-2	the floor of the pelvis	The pit floor showed where a ring of post holes had been .
face	N	3-9	he washed his face	I wish I had seen the look on his face when he got the news
speck	N	5-2	the plane was just a speck in the sky	A tiny speck of soot
take	V	2-1	Do you take me for a fool ?	It took three hours to get to work this morning
bend	V	4-0	The stick does not bend	bend the rod
series	N	6-5	his coin collection included the complete series of Indian - head pennies	the Post Office issued a series commemorating famous American entertainers
face	N	7-4	She wanted to wipe him off the face of the earth .	dew dripped from the face of the leaf
fall	V	0-0	fall asleep	fall into a strange way of thinking
set	N	1-1	a set of golf clubs	a set of teeth
stop	N	9-2	They agreed to see each other at the bus stop .	his next stop is Atlanta
side	N	5-7	it brought out his better side	The patient was bleeding on the right side .
beat	V	0-1	beat one 's breast	This beats me !
admit	V	1-2	To admit a serious thought into the mind	They were admitted into his house .
use	V	6-0	He does n't know how to use a computer	Use this knife to slice the bread .
head	N	7-6	I 've got to go to the head .	This song keeps going through my head .
accept	V	3-1	People did not accept atonal music at that time	We accept the idea of universal health care
acknowledgment	N	4-11	the preface contained an acknowledgment of those who had helped her	she must have seen him but she gave no sign of acknowledgment
fall	N	12-1	when that became known the price of their stock went into free fall	the fall of the House of Hapsburg
round	N	1-5	The round of the seasons ; a round of pleasures	the story is going the rounds in Washington
whole	N	4-1	Europe considered as a whole	the whole of American literature
knot	N	7-2	the saw buckled when it hit a knot	a small knot of women listened to his sermon
heart	N	5-3	a five - pound beef heart will serve six	he drew a heart and called it a valentine
skinful	N	12-10	someone had to drive me home last night because I had a skinful	I was n't thinking straight – I 'd had a skinful that night .
dozen	N	7-3	There should n't be more than two dozen Christmas cards left to write .	I ordered two dozen doughnuts .
take	V	4-2	This box wo n't take all the items	I 'll take the blue plates .
catch	V	10-1	I would love to have dinner but I have to catch a plane .	She caught his eye
now	N	5-0	it worked up to right now	Now is the right time .
keep	V	3-1	Where do you keep your gardening tools ?	he keeps bees
get	V	3-4	She did n't get his name when they met the first time	Her childish behavior really get to me
make	V	1-1	They make a cute couple	Clothes make the man
feel	V	6-1	My cold is gone -- I feel fine today	She felt sad after her loss
wave	N	1-3	a wave of settlers	troops advancing in waves
break	N	1-1	the break seems to have been caused by a fall	the break in the eighth frame cost him the match
fall	V	0-1	fall into a trap	They fell out of favor
world	N	2-1	the outdoor world	the world of insects
quarrel	N	3-5	they had a quarrel	We got into a silly quarrel about what food to order .
court	N	6-7	The girls were playing in the court .	the house was built around an inner court
grave	N	4-3	he went to his grave without forgiving me	from cradle to grave
foot	N	1-1	the foot of the list	the foot of the mountain
run	V	0-1	run a new program on the Mac	Service runs all the way to Cranbury
see	V	13-3	They 're blind to the damage they do , but someday they 'll see .	I 'll probably see you at the meeting
mire	N	10-3	the country is still trying to climb out of the mire left by its previous president	caught in the mire of poverty
connection	N	3-3	there was a connection via the internet	he has powerful connections
notice	N	1-6	a notice of sale	you did n't give me enough notice
scratch	V	0-2	scratch that remark	Do n't scratch your insect bites !
play	V	3-1	I used to play with trucks as a little girl	They played long and hard .
get	V	2-3	did you get it ?	You can not get water out of a stone
run	N	5-3	Let 's go for a run in the car .	I have a run in my stocking .
verify	V	0-1	verify a claim	Please verify that the doors are closed
shot	N	6-4	he left me an almost impossible shot	he is a crack shot
sign	N	4-6	Those clouds show little sign of raining soon .	Their angry expressions were a clear sign they did n't want to talk .
turn	V	4-2	the strong man could turn an iron bar	She is turning 50 this year
catch	V	0-1	catch fire	She caught her son eating candy
defensiveness	N	11-1	the fear of being sued for malpractice has magnified physicians ' defensiveness	his defensiveness was manifested in hurt silence
stake	V	2-0	I will stake my good reputation for this	stake your goat
process	N	3-1	events now in process	the process of calcification begins later for boys than for girls
beat	V	3-0	the grandfather clock beat midnight	beat swords into ploughshares
body	N	3-3	they found the body in the lake	What 's a body got ta do to get a drink around here ?
admit	V	1-3	To admit a serious thought into the mind	We can not admit non - members into our club building
body	N	1-3	a body of law	they found the body in the lake
hearing	N	1-1	My hearing is n't what it used to be , but I still heard that noise .	his hearing was impaired
limitation	N	16-2	The lawyer obtained impunity by dragging his obviously guilty client 's case beyond the 10 years limitation	statute of limitations
fire	V	0-1	fire a bullet	Surrender fires the cold skepticism
washout	N	12-6	it was several days after the storm before they could repair the washout and open the road	from the house they watched the washout of their newly seeded lawn by the water
fall	V	0-4	fall prey to an imposter	The line of men fall forward
feel	V	2-1	I can feel the sadness in his poems .	She felt an object brushing her arm
make	V	0-0	make my day	make revolution
apparition	N	1-5	The apparition of Lawyer Clippurse occasioned much speculation in that portion of the world . – Sir W. Scott .	natives were amazed at the apparition of this white stranger
root	N	6-3	The love of money is the root of all evil .	communism 's Russian root
back	V	0-2	back into the driveway	the wind backed
trim	V	2-2	They traditionally trim the tree on Christmas Eve .	The airplane trimmed
fill	N	3-11	he ate his fill of potatoes	Do n't feed him any more : he 's had his fill .
keep	V	0-2	keep food for a week in the pantry	she never keeps her promises
work	V	4-0	This dough does not work easily ;    the soft metal works well	work the raisins into the dough
building	N	6-6	My sister lives in that apartment building .	there was a three - story building on the corner
catch	V	2-1	did you catch that allusion ?	He caught the allusion in her glance
passing	N	1-5	the passing of winter	his future depended on his passing that test
head	N	5-3	they say he gives good head	She gave great head .
variant	N	7-5	The word " kerosine " is a variant of “ kerosene ” .	All breeds of dog are variants of the species “ Canis lupus familiaris ” .
unionize	V	13-11	We do n't allow people to come into our plant and try to unionize the workers	The company laid off all the workers when they tried to unionize .
rock	N	4-3	that mountain is solid rock	he threw a rock at me
station	N	6-5	he started looking for a gas station	the train pulled into the station
process	N	3-16	events now in process	This product of last month 's quality standards committee is quite good , even though the process was flawed .
play	V	0-14	play water from a hose	I 've practiced the piano off and on , and I still ca n't play very well .
use	V	0-3	use the plastic bags to store the food	I ca n't use this tool
restore	V	0-0	restore law and order	Restore the stolen painting to its rightful owner
try	V	0-2	try the yak butter	The judge tried both father and son in separate trials
face	V	2-2	Turn and face your partner now	The bunkers faced north and east , toward Germany .
fall	V	4-6	The hills around here fall towards the ocean	rain , snow and sleet were falling
church	N	1-5	the church was empty	There is a lovely little church in the valley .
leak	N	6-1	he had to clean up the leak	A leak in a gas pipe
extend	V	0-2	extend the casserole with a little rice	Can we extend the legs of this dining table ?
degree	N	2-3	a remarkable degree of frankness	there are 360 degrees in a circle
canvas	N	2-7	the crowded canvas of history	the boxer picked himself up off the canvas
charge	N	6-3	the battle began with a cavalry charge	the newspaper published charges that Jones was guilty of drunken driving
field	N	6-5	He needs some time in the field before his judgment can be trusted .	The design needs to be field - tested before we commit to manufacture .
cut	V	0-4	cut a record	The employer wants to cut back health benefits
head	N	3-4	She gave great head .	they were at the head of the attack
remember	V	2-3	can you remember her phone number ?	I ca n't remember saying any such thing
take	V	1-1	I take aspirin every day to thin my blood .	be taken drunk
carry	V	2-1	You must carry your camping gear	Amanda carried the package from home .
face	N	1-3	the face of the city is changing	he washed his face
fix	V	0-2	fix a race	let 's fix the picture to the frame
flap	N	1-4	The flap of a sail ;    the flap of a wing	he wrote on the flap of the envelope
run	V	0-1	run riot	We ran the ad three times
play	V	4-1	She acts in this play	I played in ` A Christmas Carol '
side	N	1-6	Which side of the tray shall I put it on ?	he had a pain in his side
fall	V	0-2	fall into a trap	The curtain fell on the diva
spin	V	0-2	spin silk	The creek spun its course through the woods
war	N	1-2	the war against crime	The " war on drugs " is a campaign against the use of narcotic drugs .
ditch	V	0-0	ditch a plane	ditch a lover
fire	V	2-1	Do n't fire until you see the whites of their eyes .	Oil fires the furnace
reaction	N	8-2	The announcement of the verdict brought a violent reaction .	a bad reaction to the medicine
make	V	0-0	make an estimate	make a phone call
run	V	2-2	Do n't run that software unless you have permission . '	I will run the sample .
light	N	8-1	I 'm really seeing you in a different light today .	the light of my life
unravel	V	11-2	Stop playing with the seam of the tablecloth ! You will unravel it .	can you unravel the mystery ?
give	V	2-5	can you give me lessons ?	When they asked , I gave my coat .
keep	V	2-3	Can I keep my old stuffed animals ?	I can not keep track of all my employees
sign	N	4-3	Those clouds show little sign of raining soon .	they welcomed the signs of spring
development	N	1-7	the development of Alaskan resources	such land is practical for small park developments
cover	N	5-3	There 's a $ 15 cover tonight .	they made a cover of a Beatles ' song
take	V	0-5	take sick	I estimate the trip will take about ten minutes .
lot	N	1-3	a lot of money	he bought a lot on the lake
take	V	2-2	I 'll take that plate off the table .	The army took the fort on the hill
mother	N	1-4	the mother of three children	The lioness was a mother of four cubs .
beg	V	0-0	beg the point in the discussion	beg the question
unit	N	1-6	a unit of wheat is a bushel	the dollar is the United States unit of currency
give	V	4-1	I 'm going to give my wife a necklace for her birthday .	He gave the first of many toasts at the birthday party
get	V	3-2	I ca n't get these boots off ( or on ) .	That song gets me so depressed every time I hear it .
land	N	4-5	he returned to the land of his birth	They come from a faraway land .
influence	N	4-5	used her parents ' influence to get the job	she was the most important influence in my life
suffer	V	12-2	If you keep partying like this , your school - work will suffer .	Many saints suffered martyrdom
black	N	2-0	in the black of night	Black colour :
pull	N	1-1	the pull of the moon	the pull of the current
authority	N	3-3	I have the authority to penalise the staff in my department , but not the authority to sack them .	he has the authority to issue warrants
round	V	0-3	round off the amount	Ninety - five rounds up to one hundred .
fall	V	0-1	fall into a strange way of thinking	she fell to pieces after she lost her work
leave	N	3-4	he took his leave	The applicant now seeks leave to appeal and , if leave be granted , to appeal against these sentences .
life	N	0-3	life depends on many chemical and physical processes	while there 's life there 's hope
ribbon	N	2-2	a mere ribbon of land	the lighted ribbon of traffic
break	V	0-3	break a fall	The will was broken
shot	N	2-6	his parting shot was ` drop dead '	I caught him with a solid shot to the chin
make	V	0-0	make merry	make a move
make	V	0-2	make an estimate	can you make me an omelette ?
cut	V	1-2	We cut through the neighbor 's yard to get home sooner	The coach cut two players from the team
reaction	N	4-1	there was a chemical reaction of the lime with the ground water	his reaction to the news was to start planning what to do
carry	V	2-3	These bonds carry warrants	The civil war carried into the neighboring province
come	V	0-1	come into the room	He came through the door .
stick	N	6-6	the policy so far is all stick and no carrot	The recipe calls for half a stick of butter .
optimization	N	2-3	in an optimization problem we seek values of the variables that lead to an optimal value of the function that is to be optimized	to promote the optimization and diversification of agricultural products
make	V	3-6	They hope to make a bigger profit	You have to spend money to make money !
play	V	5-1	Play football ;    play sports ;    play games	We played hockey all afternoon
turn	V	0-18	turn a key	The hillside behind our house is n't generally much to look at , but once all the trees turn it 's gorgeous .
move	N	1-2	his move put him directly in my path	A slight move of the tiller , and the boat will go off course .
scale	N	13-5	The magnitude of an earthquake is measured on the open - ended Richter scale .	they entertained on a grand scale
block	V	0-0	block an attack	block the book cover
time	N	12-2	Time stops for nobody .     the ebb and flow of time	At what times do the trains arrive ? ;    these times were erroneously converted between zones
pull	N	5-5	The spaceship came under the pull of the gas giant .	Iron fillings drawn by the pull of a magnet
ghetto	N	4-6	no escape from the ghetto of the typing pool	the relative security of the gay ghetto
surface	N	11-5	the cloth had a pattern of red dots on a white surface	earthquakes originate far below the surface
set	N	1-1	a set of books	a set of golf clubs
eat	V	4-3	This dog does n't eat certain kinds of meat	What do whales eat ?
help	V	2-1	Can you help me carry this table ?	Everyone helped out during the earthquake
loss	N	6-5	The match ended in their first loss of the season .	the company operated at a loss last year
authority	N	0-3	authority for the program was renewed several times	he is an authority on corporate law
take	V	0-3	take the gun from your pocket	The test grader takes off a point for every misspelled word .
read	V	1-3	She read the sky and predicted rain	The fortune teller read his fate in the crystal ball
detach	V	0-2	detach a regiment	His retina detached and he had to be rushed into surgery
cut	V	2-0	The Vietnamese cut a lot of timber while they occupied Cambodia	cut a disk
break	V	0-10	break a branch from a tree	If the vase falls to the floor , it might break .
licking	N	4-5	they suffered a convincing licking	Our football team took a licking last night .
give	V	0-1	give homage	He gave the sign to start
drink	N	19-4	If he does n't pay off the mafia , he 'll wear cement shoes to the bottom of the drink !	he jumped into the drink and had to be rescued
session	N	2-2	a filming session	a gossip session
find	V	3-3	I can not find my gloves !	Physicists believe they found a new elementary particle
break	V	6-2	If the new teacher wo n't break , we 'll add some stress	The clouds broke after the heavy downpour
shatter	V	7-6	A high - pitched voice that could shatter glass	The old oak tree has been shattered by lightning .
tension	N	0-4	tension holds the belt in the pulleys	the direction of maximum tension moves asymptotically toward the direction of the shear
raise	V	0-0	raise a smile	raise your ` o '
cut	V	2-1	The coach cut two players from the team	This cuts into my earnings
command	N	5-3	General Smith was placed in command .	an admiral in command
restore	V	0-1	restore law and order	He restored my lost faith in him by doing a good deed .
side	N	5-4	it brought out his better side	Look on the bright side .
turn	V	0-0	turn your face to the wall	turn the car around
make	V	0-1	make a fire	She made as if to say hello to us
spread	V	0-3	spread information	The missionaries quickly spread their new message across the country .
emulsion	N	3-6	Mayonnaise is an emulsion where egg is used to keep oil and water mixed .	an oil - in - water emulsion
poison	V	0-0	poison someone 's mind	poison the atmosphere in the office
bear	V	0-0	bear a signature	bear a resemblance
attendance	N	2-0	John 's attendance for the conventions was not good .	attendance was up by 50 per cent
process	N	16-1	This product of last month 's quality standards committee is quite good , even though the process was flawed .	the process of calcification begins later for boys than for girls
wish	V	1-1	I wish I could go home now	I wish that Christmas were over
way	N	7-4	they did n't have much in the way of clothing	they are on the way
piece	N	5-3	He 's packin ' a piece !	he needed a piece of granite
word	N	4-5	Can I have a word with you ?	he did n't say a word about it
connect	V	8-3	The telephone company finally put in lines to connect the towns in this area	did you finally connect with your long - lost cousin ?
fringe	N	1-1	The fringe of a picture	Interference fringe
softness	N	4-0	the climate had the softness of the south of France	softness is not something permitted of good leaders
formation	N	1-1	a formation of planes	the formation of sentences
practice	N	5-0	He will need lots of practice with the lines before he performs them .	practice makes perfect
liver	N	5-20	I 'd like some goose liver pate .	You could fry up some chicken livers for a tasty treat . — Nah , I do n't like chicken liver .
conflict	N	3-1	the harder the conflict the more glorious the triumph "-- Thomas Paine	The conflict between the government and the rebels began three years ago .
return	N	5-2	they set out on their return to the base camp	the average return was about 5 %
consider	V	2-2	You must consider her age	I 'm considering going to the beach tomorrow .
name	N	3-13	halt in the name of the law	he had no sons and there was no one to carry on his name
eat	V	3-3	We did not eat until 10 P.M. because there were so many phone calls	I did n't eat yet , so I gladly accept your invitation
catch	V	6-2	We have a big barrel to catch the rainwater	He was caught in the act of stealing a biscuit .
dress	V	0-0	dress a turkey	dress the surface smooth
give	V	0-4	give the orders	I 'm going to give my wife a necklace for her birthday .
put	V	1-0	He put all his efforts into this job	put these words to music
answer	V	0-1	answer the door	Nobody answered when I knocked on the door .
play	V	14-2	I 've practiced the piano off and on , and I still ca n't play very well .	This development played into her hands
go	V	4-2	The speech has to go through several more drafts	Messages must go through diplomatic channels
break	N	7-4	Let 's take a five - minute break .	we took a 10-minute break
variant	N	7-1	The word " kerosine " is a variant of “ kerosene ” .	a variant of the same word
follow	V	2-4	Let 's follow our great helmsman !	The police had been following him for weeks but they could not prove his involvement in the bombing
baby	N	6-3	The annual report has been my baby since September .	When is your baby due ?
know	V	1-3	We know this movie	This flower is known as a Peruvian Lily
session	N	6-2	" Are we having a recording session ? " / " Yes . We 've even got some session musicians to provide some brass . "	a filming session
period	N	2-3	a time period of 30 years	Picasso 's blue period
focus	N	5-1	the controversy brought clearly into focus an important difference of opinion	the focus of activity shifted to molecular biology
light	N	1-10	the light of my life	Magoon 's governorship in Cuba was viewed in a negative light by many Cuban historians for years thereafter .
have	V	5-3	The only girl who would have him was the miller 's daughter	I wo n't have this dog in my house !
trend	N	7-1	not openly liberal but that is the trend of the book	the trend of the stock market
piece	N	7-6	it is not known who created this piece	I need to rest for a piece
keep	V	2-0	These potatoes keep for a long time	Keep the commandments
image	N	1-5	the image of f(x ) = x^2 is the set of all non - negative real numbers if the domain of the function is the set of all real numbers	The number 6 is the image of 3 under f that is defined as f(x ) = 2*x .
hold	N	3-3	he has a hold over them	he ordered a hold in the action
use	V	0-2	use the plastic bags to store the food	we only use Spanish at home
time	N	3-6	See you another time ;    that 's three times he 's made the same mistake	it took more than half my time
take	V	0-1	take a risk	I take aspirin every day to thin my blood .
house	N	9-3	she felt she had to get out of the house	he has a house on Cape Cod
strike	V	0-2	strike a medal	The teacher struck the child
face	N	9-3	I wish I had seen the look on his face when he got the news	he washed his face
make	V	0-1	make a decision	He made as if to punch him , but they both laughed and shook hands .
turn	V	4-2	The alchemists tried to turn lead into gold	The princess turned the frog into a prince by kissing him
trust	N	5-3	He needs to regain her trust if he is ever going to win her back .	he betrayed their trust
smile	N	3-5	She had a smile on her face .	She 's got a perfect smile .
fill	N	8-3	The mixer returned to the plant for another fill .	he ate his fill of potatoes
snap	V	1-1	To snap a fastener	To snap a whip
keep	V	1-0	I keep my specimens under glass to protect them .	keep count
contraction	N	5-6	` o'clock ' is a contraction of ` of the clock '	` wo n't ' is a contraction of ` will not '
catch	V	10-0	I would love to have dinner but I have to catch a plane .	Catch the ball !
see	V	2-7	Can you see the bird in that tree ?	He is blind -- he can not see
purchase	V	1-2	To purchase land , to purchase a house	The family purchased a new car
feel	V	4-3	I made the students feel different about themselves	You make me feel naked
shoestring	N	6-5	He did all that on a shoestring budget .	he managed it on a shoestring
keep	V	2-1	These potatoes keep for a long time	She keeps an apartment in Paris for her shopping trips
make	V	2-1	Do n't make this into a big deal	She made 29 points that day
approach	V	2-1	Do n't approach that house .	To approach the city
load	V	0-1	load the camera	He loaded his gun carefully
roof	N	1-4	the roof of the cave was very high	I could see the roof of the bear 's mouth
life	N	1-2	The life of this milk carton may be thousands of years in this landfill .	Get a life .
beer	N	2-0	I love beer but I know it is bad for you .	Beer is brewed all over the world .
number	N	1-7	every number has a unique position in the sequence	The equation e^i\pi+1=0 includes the most important numbers : 1 , 0 , \pi , i , and e.
empathize	V	4-4	You really have to empathize with their doing it .	You really have to empathize .
dresser	N	4-4	she 's an elegant dresser	he 's a meticulous dresser
remember	V	3-2	I ca n't remember saying any such thing	Do you remember that he once loved you ?
give	V	2-2	Can I give you my keys while I go in the pool ?	Can I give you the children for the weekend ?
carry	V	7-2	the dog was taught to fetch and carry	This rifle carries for 3,000 feet
keep	V	0-8	keep count	There 's little to earn and many to keep
say	V	4-1	What does the law say ?	She said ` Hello ' to everyone in the office
credit	N	3-3	he was given credit for his work	I give you credit for owning up to your mistake .
breath	N	6-2	I could feel the runner 's breath on my shoulder .	his sour breath offended her
strengthen	V	3-0	This exercise will strengthen your upper body	strengthen the relations between the two countries
get	V	3-1	You need to get permission to leave early .	I got a computer from my parents for my birthday .
time	N	1-3	this time he succeeded	See you another time ;    that 's three times he 's made the same mistake
set	V	0-0	set these words in italics	set the house afire
ball	N	1-1	the ball travelled 90 mph on his serve	the ball rolled into the corner pocket
word	N	3-4	he gave his word	I give you my word that I will be there on time .
anchorage	N	4-5	the mother provides emotional anchorage for the entire family	the plant needs a firm anchorage
get	V	4-0	The operator could n't get Kobe because of the earthquake	Get permission to take a few days off from work
focus	V	1-1	Please focus on your studies and not on your hobbies	We focused on what to do .
respect	N	10-5	He is an intellectual giant , and I have great respect for him .	be sure to give my respects to the dean
sign	N	4-3	Those clouds show little sign of raining soon .	Those clouds show signs of raining soon .
tolerate	V	2-13	I can tolerate working on Saturdays , but not on Sundays .	I like the way he plays the guitar , but I ca n't tolerate his voice when he sings .
break	V	1-2	Twigs break off of those branches easily .	Kids were break - dancing at the street corner
pay	V	2-3	You 'll pay for this opinion later	She had to pay the penalty for speaking out rashly
cover	V	0-0	cover the child with a blanket	cover the grave with flowers
draw	V	0-1	draw a card	To draw a memorial , a deed , or bill of exchange
course	N	4-5	The ship changed its course 15 degrees towards south .	the river takes a southern course
receive	V	0-1	receive letters from the front	He received Christ
bitch	N	3-1	Karma 's a bitch .	My bitch just had puppies : they 're so cute !
swing	V	5-1	The soccer player began to swing at the referee	He swung his left fist
fix	V	0-2	fix breakfast for the guests , please	That 'll fix him good !
shake	V	0-3	shake the salt out of the salt shaker	I could n't shake the car that was following me
call	V	3-1	We could always call on a friend .     The engineer called round whilst you were away .	He called me a bastard
check	V	2-0	I will check up on the car tomorrow .	check the brakes
ferment	V	1-4	We ferment the grapes for a very long time to achieve high alcohol content	The Middle East is fermenting
act	V	3-2	She wants to act Lady Macbeth , but she is too young for the role	The dog acts ferocious , but he is really afraid of people
push	V	2-7	` Now push hard , ' said the doctor to the woman	The guy hanging around the school is pushing drugs
poison	N	4-1	Gossip is a malicious poison .	the poison of fascism
use	V	3-0	I ca n't use this tool	Use this knife to slice the bread .
unionize	V	13-15	We do n't allow people to come into our plant and try to unionize the workers	My uncle got roughed up by some corporate thugs after they caught him trying to unionize their workers .
sampler	N	1-2	a sampler of French poets	a candy sampler
draw	V	0-1	draw wire	He drew a base on balls
hold	V	4-0	The auditorium ca n't hold more than 500 people	hold your tongue
make	V	3-0	four and four make eight	make a decision
refill	N	5-3	the prescription specified only one refill	he got a refill of his prescription
go	V	6-2	How fast does your new car go ?	The patient went peacefully
hyponym	N	3-4	British is a hyponym of European .	" A is a hyponym of B " means that " A is a type of B. "
break	V	3-2	Did you two break the trolley by racing with it ?	a man broken by the terrible experience of near - death
drop	N	1-3	a drop of each sample was analyzed	he had a drop too much to drink
dress	V	3-0	She likes to dress when going to the opera	dress the plants in the garden
stick	V	1-1	To stick an apple on a fork	he stuck the cloth with the needle
eyeball	V	6-7	A good cook can often just eyeball the correct quantities of ingredients .	Each geometric construction must be exact ; eyeballing it and getting close does not count .
act	V	6-2	The breaks of my new car act quickly	The dog acts ferocious , but he is really afraid of people
head	N	6-9	This song keeps going through my head .	I could n't get his words out of my head
rotate	V	1-1	We rotate the lead soprano every night	We rotate the crops so as to maximize the use of the soil
line	N	9-2	I tried to make a call , but the line was dead .	A shared line
catch	V	6-2	We have a big barrel to catch the rainwater	I was caught in traffic and missed the meeting
design	V	0-1	design a better mousetrap	She designed to go far in the world of business
be	V	4-3	When will the meeting be ?	The postman has been today , but my tickets have still not yet come .
play	V	5-0	Play football ;    play sports ;    play games	play with her feelings
keep	V	0-9	keep my seat , please	The family 's fortune waned and they could not keep their household staff
stick	N	6-6	The recipe calls for half a stick of butter .	fever left him weak on his sticks
turn	V	4-2	The alchemists tried to turn lead into gold	public opinion turned when it was revealed that the president had an affair with a White House intern
language	N	3-1	The gift of language	the language introduced is standard throughout the text
meaning	N	3-3	What is the meaning of this proverb ?	what is the meaning of this sentence
day	N	4-1	it should arrive any day now	these days it is not unusual
floor	N	5-5	the fire spared the forest floor	The room has a wooden floor .
drill	V	2-0	do n't drill here , there 's a gas pipe	drill a hole into the wall
play	V	3-2	I used to play with trucks as a little girl	The fountains played all day
engagement	N	5-8	We are enjoying a long engagement , but have n't yet set a date .	the teacher tried to increase his students ' engagement in class activities
hold	V	0-0	hold your temper	hold your tongue
acquisition	N	1-1	the acquisition of wealth	the acquisition of one company by another
pull	V	0-0	pull a bank robbery	pull a chicken
block	N	5-9	he lives in the next block	The store is huge , occupying an entire city block .
hum	N	4-1	there is a constant hum of military preparation	the hum of distant traffic
head	N	10-5	Pour me a fresh beer ; this one has no head .	the beer had a large head of foam
buff	N	3-4	swimming in the buff	To strip to the buff
death	N	1-4	The death of my grandmother saddened the whole family .	she stayed until his death
age	N	6-6	it was replaced because of its age	we 've known each other for ages
ride	V	1-1	I ride to work in a bus	She rode a wave of popularity
oblige	V	3-2	We had to oblige him	The singer obliged with another song .
window	N	1-6	Launch window ; window of opportunity	You have a two - hour window of clear weather to finish working on the lawn .
admit	V	1-2	To admit a serious thought into the mind	This pipe admits air
system	N	5-4	they had to devise a system that did not depend on cooperation	the body has a system of organs for digestion
hold	V	2-2	She can hold an audience spellbound	This story held our interest
tell	V	2-1	Can you tell whether those flowers are real or silk , from this distance ?     No , there 's no way to tell .	Ellen told a story to Helen .
make	V	0-2	make a wall of stones	He will make a splendid father !
break	V	0-10	break into tears	If the vase falls to the floor , it might break .
action	N	7-1	his novels always have a lot of action	the action of natural forces
play	V	3-2	Charlie likes to play Mary	The prodigy played Carnegie Hall at the age of 16
pick	V	0-0	pick a fight or a quarrel	pick pockets
face	N	9-7	I wish I had seen the look on his face when he got the news	he looked out at a roomful of faces
take	V	4-0	Tomorrow the doctor will take the cast off her arm .	Take a test
beat	V	0-0	beat the subway fare	beat a path through the forest
rest	N	6-10	I need to get a good rest tonight ; I was up late last night .	The sun sets , and the workers go to their rest .
wash	V	2-9	Can you wash away the spots on the windows ?	The car is so dirty , we need to wash it .
take	V	3-2	I do n't take sugar in my coffee	He had taken this woman when she was most vulnerable
refill	N	3-5	he got a refill of his prescription	the prescription specified only one refill
get	V	3-3	She did n't get his name when they met the first time	It must be getting more serious
blow	V	16-3	There 's nothing more thrilling to the whale watcher than to see a whale surface and blow .	The leaves were blowing in the wind
figure	N	4-2	he cut a fine figure	a heroic figure
take	V	2-0	I 'll take that plate off the table .	Take these letters to the boss
work	V	2-1	I will work hard to improve my grades	They worked at finishing the task .
take	V	2-0	I 'll take a pound of that sausage	Take the case of China
admit	V	3-1	We can not admit non - members into our club building	To admit evidence in the trial of a cause
pipe	V	0-0	pipe oil , water , and gas into the desert	pipe a tune
avoid	V	4-1	Her former friends now avoid her	We avoided the area .
helm	N	5-1	the President is at the helm of the Ship of State	The helm of the Commonwealth
save	V	2-1	This will save you a lot of time	She saved the old family photographs in a drawer
home	N	5-5	deliver the package to my home	he does n't have a home to go to
apparition	N	1-2	The apparition of Lawyer Clippurse occasioned much speculation in that portion of the world . – Sir W. Scott .	The sudden apparition of the Spaniards . – William H. Prescott .
have	V	1-5	I have two sisters .	The dog down the street has a lax owner .
play	V	2-0	I 'll play you my favorite record	play safe
dress	V	3-0	Can the child dress by herself ?	dress the patient
reduce	V	0-2	reduce a problem to a single question	The cells reduce
fringe	N	1-1	Her fringe is so long it covers her eyes .	Interference fringe
narrowness	N	3-7	frustrated by the narrowness of people 's horizons	the problem with achievement tests is the narrowness they impose on students
play	V	0-1	play water from a hose	I played no role in your dismissal
head	N	1-1	200 head of cattle	12 head of big cattle and 14 head of branded calves
break	V	0-0	break the cycle of poverty	break a lucky streak
form	N	7-9	he was at the top of his form	To apply for the position , complete the application form .
make	V	0-1	make enemies	She made us look silly
play	N	1-4	the play of light on the water	there was too much play in the steering wheel
carry	V	1-1	I carry these thoughts in the back of my head	I carry a lot of life insurance
fry	V	10-15	He 's guilty of murder — he 's going to fry .	If the children stay out on the beach for another hour , they 'll be fried
offset	V	0-1	offset deposits and withdrawals	To offset one charge against another
face	N	2-6	an angry face	Put a big sign on each face of the building that can be seen from the road .
tell	V	2-1	He could tell that she was unhappy	Ellen told Helen about the situation .
quality	N	14-8	While being impulsive can be great for artists , it is not a desirable quality for engineers .	Security , stability , and efficiency are good qualities of an operating system .
play	V	7-2	The Democrats still have some cards to play before they will concede the electoral victory	This development played into her hands
party	N	5-3	We 're expecting a large party from the London office .	she joined the party after dinner
business	N	3-7	a racially integrated business concern	a small mom - and - pop business
touch	V	3-9	He could not touch the meaning of the poem	They stood next to each other , their shoulders touching .
cut	N	2-4	the unkindest cut of all	the mayor proposed extensive cuts in the city budget
go	V	10-1	This violinist is as good as Juilliard - trained violinists go	Get going !
make	V	3-2	What do you make of his remarks ?	We barely made the plane
say	V	4-1	Martha , will you say the Pledge of Allegiance ?	She said her ` Hail Mary '
par	N	0-2	par for this course is 72	on a par with the best
song	N	1-4	the song of bullets was in the air	the wheels sang their song as the train rocketed ahead
step	N	5-4	he paused on the bottom step	he walked with unsteady steps
work	V	0-5	work one 's way through the crowd	Start from the bottom and work towards the top
authority	N	4-2	The world 's foremost authority on orangutans	Tennessee Valley Authority
carry	V	2-2	I will carry the secret to my grave	The drive carried to the green
draw	V	0-1	draw a line	To draw a memorial , a deed , or bill of exchange
make	V	3-4	What do you make of his remarks ?	How much do you make a month in your new job ?
ease	N	6-6	He passed all the exams with ease .	they put it into containers for ease of transportation
support	V	1-2	I support France in the World Cup	The evidence supports the defendant
smile	N	5-4	She 's got a perfect smile .	He always puts a smile on my face .
grave	N	7-4	he put flowers on his mother 's grave	he went to his grave without forgiving me
corner	N	3-2	standing on the corner watching all the girls go by	in many corners of the world they still practice slavery
boy	N	4-14	the baby was a boy	The boys were playing kickball in the mud ;    Steve is a boy of 16
piece	V	0-1	piece the broken pieces of thread , slivers , and rovings	She pieced the china cup
mirror	N	7-6	We could see the lorry in the mirror , so decided to change lanes .	I had a look in the mirror to see if the blood had come off my face .
carry	V	3-1	He can not carry a tune	Amanda carried the package to New York .
cup	N	3-3	he borrowed a cup of sugar	he drank a cup of coffee
pull	V	0-7	pull a bank robbery	You 'll be sent home if you pull another stunt like that .
optimization	N	2-2	the simultaneous optimization of growth and profitability	in an optimization problem we seek values of the variables that lead to an optimal value of the function that is to be optimized
be	V	2-1	I shall be writing to you soon .	Ignorance is bliss .
run	V	2-4	These dresses run small	Our coach had us running plays for the whole practice .
degree	N	3-4	he earned his degree at Princeton summa cum laude	Water boils at 100 degrees Celsius .
be	V	4-1	When will the meeting be ?	It is almost eight .
finish	N	6-4	it was a fight to the finish	booze will be the finish of him
connect	V	3-1	This computer will connect well to the network .	Herman connected the computers together .
position	N	5-3	moved from third to fifth position	Stand in this position , with your arms at your side .
leak	N	1-6	A leak in a boat	he had to clean up the leak
day	N	2-2	in the day of the dinosaurs	in the days of the Roman Empire
unit	N	5-9	the coach said the offensive unit did a good job	after the battle the soldier had trouble rejoining his unit
top	N	2-4	only the top side of the box was painted	he screamed at the top of his lungs
tape	N	5-3	he used a piece of tape for a belt	he wrapped a tape around the package
receive	V	0-3	receive the incoming radio signals	The community warmly received the refugees
answer	V	0-1	answer the telephone	Nobody answered when I knocked on the door .
drop	V	0-1	drop him from the Republican ticket	She dropped into army jargon
receive	V	0-0	receive payment	receive a gift
furniture	N	6-4	there was only one piece of furniture in the room	they had too much furniture for the small apartment
reason	N	3-7	Mankind should develop reason above all other virtues .	If you do n't give me a reason to go with you , I wo n't .
set	V	0-3	set up an experiment	The film is set in Africa
speak	V	4-1	Although I do n't speak Chinese I managed to talk with the villagers using signs and gestures .	they speak a strange dialect
check	V	2-0	I will check up on the car tomorrow .	Check out the engine
dig	V	0-0	dig the oars into the water	dig your foot into the floor
change	N	3-3	he attributed the change to their marriage	Can I get change for this $ 100 bill please ?
side	N	5-5	it brought out his better side	he is on the purchasing side of the business
time	N	1-7	the time of year for planting	he was a great actor in his time
peeler	N	4-1	she invented a potato peeler	Potato peeler
allow	V	5-1	This sealed door wo n't allow the water come into the basement	To allow a servant his liberty ;    to allow a free passage ;    to allow one day for rest
shift	V	0-4	shift the emphasis	We 'll have to shift these boxes to the downtown office .
system	N	3-1	in a static system oil can not be replaced by water on a surface	a system generating hydrogen peroxide
year	N	5-2	I was born in the year 1950 .	A normal year has 365 full days , but there are 366 days in a leap year .
sanitize	V	0-0	sanitize the language in a book	sanitize history
stand	V	2-2	Can you stand the bookshelf up ?	The law stands !
body	N	1-1	a body of doctrine	a body of precedents
year	N	2-5	A normal year has 365 full days , but there are 366 days in a leap year .	I was born in the year 1950 .
start	N	4-4	he awoke with a start	He woke with a start .
fool	N	3-2	You were a fool to cross that busy road without looking .	The village fool threw his own shoes down the well .
enormity	N	3-5	universities recognized the enormity of their task	in careful usage the noun enormity is not used to express the idea of great size
call	N	6-3	after two raises there was a call	the salesman 's call on a customer
luck	N	5-4	I could n't believe my luck when I found a fifty dollar bill on the street .	Gilbert had some bad luck yesterday — he got pick - pocketed and lost fifty dollars .
tune	N	5-5	the clarinet was out of tune	he can not sing in tune
drive	V	0-1	drive the cows into the barn	To drive sheep out of a field
make	V	3-0	She may not make the grade	make a stir
stuff	N	4-5	What is all that stuff on your bedroom floor ?	the trunk was full of stuff
tap	V	0-0	tap a source of money	tap one 's memory
make	V	0-7	make water into wine	It was n't the problem some people made it
occasion	N	3-1	there was no occasion for complaint	an occasion arranged to honor the president
carry	V	1-2	We carry a very large mortgage	I will carry the secret to my grave
think	V	1-1	I think that he is her boyfriend	I think she is pretty , contrary to most people .
break	V	0-0	break a fall	break cigarette smoking
profile	N	2-2	a biochemical profile of blood	a psychological profile of serial killers
application	N	2-6	a novel application of electronics to medical diagnosis	December 31 is the deadline for applications
church	N	6-1	This building used to be a church before being converted into a library .	our church is hosting a picnic next week
readiness	N	3-2	putting them in readiness	a happy readiness of conversation "-- Jane Austen
floor	N	2-1	The pit floor showed where a ring of post holes had been .	the floor of the cave
light	N	5-2	it brought the scandal to light	Put that light out !
product	N	18-6	That store offers a variety of products .    We 've got to sell a lot of product by the end of the month .	that store offers a variety of products
stage	N	14-7	an early movie simply showed a long kiss by two actors of the contemporary stage	we went out of town together by stage about ten or twelve miles
shelve	V	6-0	The library needs volunteers to help shelve books .	shelve books
background	N	4-7	The lawyer had a background in computer science .	he is a lawyer with a sports background
hold	N	4-3	she kept a firm hold on the railing	Keep a firm hold on the handlebars .
make	V	0-0	make a dress	make a cake
break	N	1-4	the break in the dam threatened the valley	he was up two breaks in the second set
develop	V	2-1	We must develop more potential customers	we develop the leaders for the future
make	V	0-1	make a stir	Harry made Sally
glass	N	4-4	We looked through the glass to see stars .	Would you like a glass of milk ?
shoot	V	0-0	shoot a golf ball	shoot craps
hit	V	1-2	We hit Detroit at one in the morning but kept driving through the night .	The ball hit the fence .
day	N	4-1	she called it a day and went to bed	my day began early this morning
point	N	5-3	Cut the skin with the point of the knife .	he broke the point of his pencil
end	N	4-1	they rode to the end of the line	the end of the pier
do	V	0-2	do research	This car does 150 miles per hour
ringing	N	1-8	the ringing of the telephone	the tintinnabulation that so voluminously swells from the ringing and the dinging of the bells "-- E. A. Poe
hold	V	6-0	The general ordered the colonel to hold his position at all costs .	Hold the taxi
come	V	0-0	come out of the closet !	come into the room
effect	N	4-5	she retained that bold effect in her reproductions of the original painting	he just did it for effect
draw	V	1-2	To draw a memorial , a deed , or bill of exchange	The nurse drew blood
term	N	7-2	he left school before the end of term	Near - term , mid - term and long - term goals
fatigue	N	5-13	he was suffering from museum fatigue	after watching TV with her husband she had a bad case of football fatigue
pop	V	0-2	pop the clutch	The muskets popped away on all sides .
people	N	2-1	are your people still alive ?	his people have been farmers for generations
example	N	5-3	this patient provides a typical example of the syndrome	there is an example on page 10
audience	N	4-4	the broadcast reached an audience of millions	every artist needs an audience
term	N	2-5	Near - term , mid - term and long - term goals	He was sentenced to a term of six years in prison .
make	V	0-2	make laws	can you make me an omelette ?
count	V	2-2	I can count my colleagues in the opposition	each answer counts as three points
land	N	11-5	the plane turned away from the sea and moved back over land	They come from a faraway land .
plane	N	5-7	we will refer to the plane of the graph as the X - Y plane	any line joining two points on a plane lies wholly on that plane
wing	N	4-6	they are the progressive wing of the Republican Party	he preferred the drumsticks to the wings
pit	V	2-0	One must pit a peach to make it ready for a pie .	pit plums and cherries
significance	N	1-1	the significance of his remark became clear only later	The significance of a gesture
stick	V	0-3	stick the corner of the sheet under the mattress	This question really stuck me
owe	V	2-1	I still owe for the car	She owes me $ 200
break	V	8-4	My daughter 's fancy wedding is going to break me !	The heat wave finally broke yesterday
field	N	5-6	The design needs to be field - tested before we commit to manufacture .	He needs some time in the field before his judgment can be trusted .
baby	N	3-10	stop being a baby !	Stand up for yourself - do n't be such a baby !
define	V	1-0	I define myself as a techno - anarchist .	Define ` sadness '
sleep	N	6-8	he felt better after a little sleep	they had to put their family pet to sleep
work	V	2-1	I will work hard to improve my grades	John worked with Paul at finishing the task .
case	N	2-5	a mental case	the musicians left their instrument cases backstage
bank	N	6-2	the plane went into a steep bank	a huge bank of earth
distance	N	2-8	at a distance of ten years he had forgotten many of the details	if that happens it will be at some distance in the future
order	N	6-8	the machine is now in working order	a friend in New Mexico said that the order caused no trouble out there
work	V	0-4	work the metal	This dough does not work easily
apply	V	0-1	apply for a job	She applied for college
race	V	2-1	let 's race and see who gets there first	I raced him to the car , but he was there first , so he got to ride shotgun .
make	V	2-2	We should make Cincinnati by 7 tonight .	We barely made it to the finish line
foil	V	0-7	foil your opponent	In this picture , the figures are foiled against the background
have	V	5-0	How many cars does she have ?	have an assistant
stay	N	4-3	they had a nice stay in Paris	a lengthy hospital stay
foot	N	1-4	the foot of the list	he stood at the foot of the tower
fall	V	4-1	The line of men fall forward	Light fell on her face
run	V	3-5	The sale will run for ten days .	I 'm not ready to run a marathon .
neighbour	N	1-2	My neighbour is very irritable and grumpy at times .	They′re our neighbours across the street .
make	V	0-1	make lead into gold	They made nice together , as if their fight never happened .
militate	V	1-1	To militate against the possibility of his election .	To militate in favor of a particular result .
try	V	2-2	I shall try my skills on this ;    you are trying my patience	You are trying my patience !
price	N	1-1	the price of success is hard work	what price glory ?
time	N	4-4	We had a wonderful time at the party .	they had a good time together
diversification	N	5-5	he limited his losses by diversification of his product line	my broker recommended a greater diversification of my investments
restraint	N	5-1	dogs should be kept under restraint	legal restraints
point	N	5-3	they sailed south around the point	a row of points
charge	V	4-3	Do n't forget to charge the drill .	I need to charge my car battery
draw	V	0-0	draw a deep breath	draw on a cigarette
give	V	0-3	give a course	What will you give her for her birthday ?
deal	N	7-4	he 's a master of the business deal	he got a good deal on his car
head	N	2-1	under the head of minor Roman poets	the head of the nail " , " a pinhead is the head of a pin
institution	N	4-1	he had become an institution in the theater	the institution of marriage
hold	V	2-2	I 'll hold you by your promise	The flask holds one gallon
place	N	3-5	he overstepped his place	It is really not my place to say what is right and wrong in this case .
think	V	1-1	I think she is pretty , contrary to most people .	I think he is very smart
carry	V	4-2	put down 5 and carry 2	This paper carries a restaurant review
product	N	1-1	The product of 2 and 3 is 6 .    The product of 2 , 3 , and 4 is 24 .	the product of 2 and 3 is 6
life	N	5-3	the battery had a short life	while there 's life there 's hope
make	V	2-2	We should make Cincinnati by 7 tonight .	She was made president of the club
work	V	2-2	Can you work an electric drill ?	This pilot works the controls
range	N	7-5	any good golf club will have a range where you can practice	the army maintains a missile range in the desert
memorability	N	6-1	continuous change results in lack of memorability	true memorability of phrase
fall	V	0-2	fall into a trap	The estate fell to the oldest daughter
beat	V	2-0	The drums beat all night	beat the table with his shoe
population	N	1-4	The population of New Jersey will not stand for this !	the African - American population of Salt Lake City has been increasing
give	V	0-3	give a yelp	The roof finally gave under the weight of the ice
excitement	N	5-5	he could hardly conceal his excitement when she agreed	his face was flushed with excitement and his hands trembled
trim	V	0-0	trim an airplane	trim the photograph
cut	V	2-0	The Vietnamese cut a lot of timber while they occupied Cambodia	cut class
connection	N	1-3	The connection between overeating and obesity	there was a connection between eating that pickle and having that nightmare
see	V	7-8	He is blind -- he can not see	You have to be a good observer to see all the details
opening	N	1-1	the opening received good critical reviews	the opening of his arms was the sign I was waiting for
fix	N	4-3	he got a good fix on the target	We have a fix on your position .
commission	N	3-3	A reseller 's commission	he works on commission
dress	V	3-1	Can the child dress by herself ?	Marlene dressed herself .
render	V	0-0	render up the prisoners	render the town to the enemy
weakness	N	8-1	In a small number of horses , muscle weakness may progress to paralysis .	the weakness of the span was overlooked until it collapsed
fall	V	0-1	fall into a trap	she fell to pieces after she lost her work
notice	N	2-1	an obituary notice	a notice of sale
run	V	3-2	The sale will run for ten days .	The film runs 5 hours
side	N	10-4	the hypotenuse of a right triangle is always the longest side	they painted all four sides of the house
time	N	4-9	We had a wonderful time at the party .	The judge leniently granted a sentence with no hard time .     He is not living at home because he is doing time .
top	N	4-2	put your books on top of the desk	only the top side of the box was painted
raise	V	0-0	raise the roof	raise hell
make	V	2-1	We should make Cincinnati by 7 tonight .	He made a fool of himself at the meeting
night	N	3-5	From noon till night	The cat disappeared into the night .
sense	N	1-3	Common sense is not so common	It 's common sense not to put metal objects in a microwave oven .
grip	N	11-1	it was an old briefcase but it still had a good grip	The grip of a sword
run	N	4-15	I 'm having a run of bad luck .	He went to Las Vegas and spent all his money over a three - day run .
head	N	10-2	Pour me a fresh beer ; this one has no head .	Tap the head of the drum for this roll .
stretch	V	2-0	Let 's stretch for a minute -- we've been sitting here for over 3 hours	Stretch your arms out above your head .
empathize	V	4-4	You really have to empathize with them .	You really have to empathize with their doing it .
conquer	V	0-0	conquer a country	conquer your fears
take	V	1-4	I take it you 're not going ?	Tomorrow the doctor will take the cast off her arm .
recognition	N	1-4	the recognition of the Rio Grande as a boundary between Mexico and the United States	The law was a recognition of their civil rights .
coverage	N	13-11	Before laying sod on that clay , the ground needs two inches of coverage with topsoil .	Do n't go to lunch if we do n't have enough coverage for the help - desk phones .
unit	N	6-2	the dollar is the United States unit of currency	change per unit volume
production	N	6-5	she tends to make a big production out of nothing	They hope to increase spaghetti production next year .
stage	N	2-5	at what stage are the social sciences ?	The band returned to the stage to play an encore .
stay	V	0-0	stay alone	Stay put in the corner here !
come	V	0-0	come out of the closet !	Come with me to the Casbah
keep	V	0-0	keep your cool	Keep your temper
shell	V	0-0	shell the legumes	shell mussels
space	N	8-5	they tested his ability to locate objects in space	write your name in the space provided
mercury	N	1-1	The mercury there has averaged 37.6C , 2.3C above the February norm .	the mercury was falling rapidly
calendar	N	5-5	I have you on my calendar for next Monday	The club has a busy calendar this year .
direction	N	2-2	is the direction of the economy a function of government ?	he gave directions faster than she could follow them
breath	N	3-4	The child 's breath came quickly and unevenly .	I could hear the breath of the runner behind me .
component	N	1-1	a component or constituent element of a system	spare components for cars
call	N	12-4	he heard the phone ringing but did n't want to take the call	he placed a phone call to London
see	V	3-2	I ca n't see him on horseback !	I can see a risk in this strategy
number	N	1-10	the number of parameters is small	in English the subject and the verb must agree in number
give	V	0-3	give thought to	The roof finally gave under the weight of the ice
take	V	1-1	I take aspirin every day to thin my blood .	She took the job as director of development
throw	V	0-1	throw a frisbee	Jane threw dinner together
pass	N	3-11	he had a pass for three days	it was not possible to complete the computation in a single pass
land	V	2-5	this may land you in jail	It can be tricky to land a helicopter .
setting	N	8-2	you ca n't do that in a university setting	the perfect setting for a ghost story
area	N	8-7	The photo is a little dark in that area .	it was about 500 square feet in area
person	N	6-1	there was too much for one person to do	Each person is unique , both mentally and physically .
choice	N	1-7	your choice of colors was unfortunate	The ice cream sundae is a popular choice for dessert .
see	V	8-1	You have to be a good observer to see all the details	I saw him laughing .
field	N	6-8	He needs some time in the field before his judgment can be trusted .	This racehorse is the strongest in a weak field .
window	N	1-2	Launch window ; window of opportunity	the expanded window will give us time to catch the thieves
follow	V	0-2	follow the road	Let 's follow our great helmsman !
cut	V	1-2	She cut the deck for a long time	If you cut then I 'll deal .
wall	N	1-1	a wall of prejudice	a wall of water
take	V	2-11	Do you take me for a fool ?	Looking at him as he came into the room , I took him for his father .
stretch	N	8-2	I was right in the middle of a stretch when the phone rang .	there were stretches of boredom
area	N	4-4	it was a mountainous area	it was a closed area of employment
come	V	1-0	Melons come from a vine	Come with me to the Casbah
cut	V	0-1	cut a nice figure	soap cuts grease
see	V	2-4	I 'll see you to the door	What message do you see in this letter ?
run	V	3-2	The sale will run for ten days .	The book runs 655 pages .
take	V	0-2	take the gun from your pocket	She always takes an umbrella
complexion	N	2-3	A rugged complexion ;    a sunburnt complexion	a liberal political complexion
catch	V	3-2	I have to catch a train at 7 o'clock	do n't catch your meaning
day	N	2-2	in the day of the dinosaurs	in the days of sailing ships
drop	N	4-2	there is not a drop of pity in that man	Put three drops of oil into the mixture .
congregation	N	1-2	a congregation of children pleaded for his autograph	a great congregation of birds flew over
fall	V	0-2	fall asleep	Many soldiers fell at Verdun
left	N	2-3	The political left is not holding enough power .	jab with your left
see	V	4-6	I just ca n't see your point	Did you know that she is seeing an older man ?
carry	V	0-2	carry scars	His efforts carried the entire project
scrub	V	3-3	we had to scrub our vacation plans	Engineers had to scrub the satellite launch due to bad weather .
check	V	0-8	check the brakes	Katie 's sick , so I need to check up on her and see if she needs anything .
begin	V	4-2	You can not even begin to understand the problem we had to deal with during the war	The semester begins with a convocation ceremony
fall	V	1-1	payments fall on the 1st of the month	Grief fell from our hearts
judge	V	1-1	The judge tried both father and son in separate trials	The judge pronounced often before , but never so widely press - attended .
effect	N	5-6	the law is still in effect	The new law will come into effect on the first day of next year .
condition	N	2-2	a heart condition	a skin condition
language	N	3-12	The gift of language	the speed with which a program can be executed depends on the language in which it is written
purchase	V	1-5	To purchase land , to purchase a house	$ 50 wo n't even purchase a dress .
shift	V	0-0	shift the date for our class reunion	Shift one 's position
wall	N	1-5	a wall of smoke	negotiations ran into a brick wall
make	V	0-0	make a wall of stones	make a cake
danger	N	4-3	you are in no danger	there was widespread danger of disease
voice	N	3-2	the wee small voice of conscience	the incessant voices of the artillery
cut	V	0-2	cut a caper	his opponent cut upward toward his chin
wear	V	0-2	wear one 's hair in a certain way	He always wears a smile
wildness	N	3-7	the element of wildness in his behavior was a protest against repressive convention	Liza had always had a tendency to wildness
face	N	4-4	They climbed the north face of the mountain .	dew dripped from the face of the leaf
play	V	0-0	play it safe	play safe
cut	V	4-0	The employer wants to cut back health benefits	Cut the engines when the plane comes to a halt !
orbit	N	5-3	he 's out of my orbit	in the political orbit of a world power
cut	V	2-3	The car cut to the left at the intersection	The football player cut to his left to evade a tackle .
session	N	2-2	a gossip session	a filming session
crunch	N	2-7	a financial crunch	an end - of - the year crunch
break	V	0-1	break a lucky streak	who broke into my account last night ?
life	N	5-1	the oceans are teeming with life	social life
make	V	3-2	This invention will make you a millionaire	Do n't make this into a big deal
take	V	0-1	take an opportunity	We took our seats in the orchestra
carry	V	2-0	You must carry your camping gear	carry the suitcases to the car
make	V	1-3	They make a cute couple	She may not make the grade
feeling	N	5-3	The house gave me a feeling of dread .	he had terrible feelings of guilt
head	N	3-9	he stuck his head out the window	Be careful when you pet that dog on the head ; it may bite .
make	V	0-1	make a move	They make a cute couple
double	N	8-3	his first job in Hollywood was as a double for Clark Gable	he hit a double to deep centerfield
make	V	1-1	Clothes make the man	They make a cute couple
bid	N	1-1	A bid for a lucrative transport contract	His bid was $ 35,000 .
swing	V	0-2	swing a bat	his mood swings
run	V	3-2	The sale will run for ten days .	The meeting ran late .
strike	V	0-0	strike a bargain	strike fire from the flintstone
narrowness	N	7-8	the problem with achievement tests is the narrowness they impose on students	the attraction of the book is precisely its narrowness of focus
hold	V	0-2	hold these truths to be self - evident	I 'll hold you by your promise
breakfast	V	1-1	We breakfast at seven	Cynthia breakfasted on peaches .
connect	V	2-4	Can you connect the two loudspeakers ?	The new railroad will connect the northern part of the state to the southern part .
take	V	1-5	I take it you 're not going ?	I estimate the trip will take about ten minutes .
language	N	4-2	he recorded the spoken language of the streets	The English language ;    sign language
head	N	1-6	200 head of cattle	A reduction in the assessment per head of sheep
keep	V	9-3	Our grant has run out and we can not keep you on	The student was kept after school
beat	V	2-0	The drums beat all night	Beat the rhythm
hit	V	2-2	The ball hit the fence .	The movie hits theaters in December .
motion	N	3-3	police controlled the motion of the crowd	he made a motion to adjourn
make	V	0-2	make a cake	He will make a fine father
work	V	4-2	How does your idea work in practice ?	His fingers worked with tension
gather	V	1-1	I gather from Aunty May that you had a good day at the match .	I gather you have not done your homework
touch	N	2-3	the cooling touch of the night air	there was a touch of sarcasm in his tone
rest	N	5-4	The ocean was finally at rest .	The boulder came to rest just behind the house after rolling down the mountain .
appointment	N	11-4	I 'm leaving work early because I have a doctor 's appointment .	He erred by the appointment of unsuitable men .
summerize	V	0-0	summerize a house	summerize your car
foulness	N	3-3	he understood the foulness of sin	his display of foulness deserved severe punishment
make	V	0-2	make a mess in one 's office	She 'll make a fine president .
hold	V	1-2	To hold true ;    to hold good	He 's held by a contract
answer	V	4-1	A few words would answer	She answered the door .
work	N	7-11	a lot of people are out of work	He has n't come home yet , he 's still at work .
rate	N	5-1	he works at a great rate	The rate of production at the factory is skyrocketing .
text	N	8-5	there were more than a thousand words of text	they handed out the printed text of the mayor 's speech
control	N	3-1	measures for the control of disease	the control condition was inappropriate for the conclusions he wished to draw
face	N	3-9	Why the sad face ?	I wish I had seen the look on his face when he got the news
title	N	11-3	the professor did n't like his friends to use his formal title	he held the title for two years
nationality	N	4-6	immigrants of the same nationality often seek each other out	such images define their sense of nationality
field	N	8-0	anthropologists do much of their work in the field	Field work traditionally distinguishes true archaeologists from armchair archaeologists .
carry	V	0-1	carry the suitcases to the car	Amanda carried the package to New York .
check	V	4-1	These stories do n't check !	She checked for an instant and missed a step
stuff	N	5-5	you do n't have the stuff to be a United States Marine	the trunk was full of stuff
thrust	V	1-11	She thrust the letter into his hand	The front of the trains that had collided head - on thrust up into the air
dogma	N	2-5	The unforgiving dogma of Stalinism is that what the party leader , however cruel and incompetent , decrees , however absurd , must be accepted as law .	he believed all the Marxist dogma
define	V	3-4	The camera could define the smallest object	The tree was clearly defined by the light
open	V	2-0	Vermont will open elk hunting season next week .	open a business
reason	N	1-2	the reason that war was declared	there is reason to believe he is lying
take	V	0-2	take vengeance	Do you take sugar in your coffee ?
spread	V	3-1	The missionaries quickly spread their new message across the country .	He spread fertilizer over the lawn
spring	N	6-3	he will hold office until the spring of next year	I spent my spring holidays in Morocco .
go	V	6-4	Do you think the sofa will go through the door ?     The belt just barely went around his waist .	The speech has to go through several more drafts
space	N	5-3	it all happened in the space of 10 minutes	the architect left space in front of the building
fatigue	N	5-6	he was suffering from museum fatigue	the American public is experiencing scandal fatigue
throw	V	6-2	Throw a shoe ;     throw a javelin ;     the horse threw its rider	have , throw , or make a party
reduce	V	0-0	reduce an image	reduce one 's standard of living
cut	V	2-0	The coach cut two players from the team	cut the engine
carry	V	0-1	carry too far	We carry a very large mortgage
time	N	12-3	Time stops for nobody .     the ebb and flow of time	he called four times
tell	V	1-1	I tell you that man is a crook !	Please tell me how to do it .
marriage	N	4-3	a long and happy marriage	You should enter marriage for love .
fall	V	0-0	fall prey to an imposter	Fall in love
line	N	1-2	the line stretched clear around the corner	A dedicated line
melt	V	13-0	When the weather is warm , the snowman will disappear ; he will melt .	melt butter
direction	N	3-5	he checked the direction and velocity of the wind	Keep going in the same direction .
charge	V	0-2	charge a conductor	The speaker charged up the crowd with his inflammatory remarks
tell	V	2-2	Can you tell whether those flowers are real or silk , from this distance ?     No , there 's no way to tell .	He could tell that she was unhappy
click	V	2-0	Xhosa speakers click	Click ! The door opened .
take	V	3-3	I do n't take sugar in my coffee	The test grader takes off a point for every misspelled word .
estimate	N	1-6	an estimate of what it would cost	many factors are involved in any estimate of human life
pledge	N	4-2	his saxophone was in pledge	signed a pledge never to reveal the secret
notice	N	2-6	an obituary notice	you did n't give me enough notice
quality	N	1-11	the quality of students has risen	This school is well - known for having teachers of high quality .
see	V	2-3	I can see what will happen	I ca n't see him on horseback !
implement	V	0-14	implement a procedure	It 's a good thought , but it will be a difficult thing to implement .
breath	N	4-6	he took a deep breath and dived into the pool	he was fighting to his last breath
run	V	0-2	run through your presentation before the meeting	The children ran to the store
third	N	13-2	he answered the first question willingly , the second reluctantly , and the third with resentment	a distant third
save	V	2-2	Let 's save the packaging in case we need to send the product back .	This will save money
dick	N	6-6	Sorry , girls , I suck dick .	He wore a condom over his dick .
pack	V	1-0	To pack goods in a box ;    to pack fish	pack the books into the boxes
go	V	4-5	Where do these books go ?	It 's your turn ; go .
capture	V	0-1	capture the essence of Spring	She captured all the men 's hearts
turn	V	0-0	turn the legs of the table	turn a somersault
break	V	2-2	Can you break a hundred - dollar bill for me ?	The surf broke
air	V	15-1	It 's getting quite stuffy in this room : let 's open the windows and air it .	She aired her opinions on welfare
summit	N	10-9	In summer , it is possible to hike to the summit of Mt. Shasta .	the region is a few molecules wide at the summit
poison	N	1-4	the poison of fascism	Gossip is a malicious poison .
conflict	N	1-3	The conflict between the government and the rebels began three years ago .	the harder the conflict the more glorious the triumph "-- Thomas Paine
come	V	1-1	Melons come from a vine	News came in of the massacre in Rwanda
change	N	3-5	she brought a change in her overnight bag	The product is undergoing a change in order to improve it .
burn	V	0-2	burn garbage	The car burns only Diesel oil
house	N	3-9	he has a house on Cape Cod	she felt she had to get out of the house
line	N	5-2	I ca n't follow your line of reasoning	toe the line
circulation	N	4-1	a fan aids air circulation	ocean circulation is an important part of global climate
rest	N	14-10	Now that we 're all in agreement , we can put that issue to rest .	people actually accomplish more when they take time for short rests
know	V	1-3	I know the feeling !	have you ever known hunger ?
head	N	5-2	his horse won by a head	under the head of minor Roman poets
seat	N	1-1	The seat of these trousers is almost worn through .	the seat of his pants was worn through
love	N	3-5	it was 40 love	So that 's fifteen - love to Kournikova .
land	V	4-5	Use the net to land the fish .	It can be tricky to land a helicopter .
front	N	4-5	he walked to the front of the stage	he led the national liberation front
carry	V	0-1	carry the suitcases to the car	Amanda carried the package .
charge	N	5-1	he was arrested on a charge of larceny	the charges against the estate
third	N	13-3	he answered the first question willingly , the second reluctantly , and the third with resentment	Jones came in third .
traffic	N	0-1	traffic on the internet is lightest during the night	heavy traffic overloaded the trunk lines
air	N	0-6	air pollution	a smell of chemicals in the air
work	V	4-3	She knows how to work the system .	The soft metal works well
care	V	3-3	I do n't care what he does .	He does n't care about how / whether she comes .
play	V	0-5	play fair	Play football ;    play sports ;    play games
break	V	0-2	break into tears	The blade broke her skin
foot	N	6-1	I 'll meet you at the foot of the stairs .	the foot of the page
opening	N	1-7	the opening received good critical reviews	John spends two hours a day studying openings , and another two hours studying endgames .
clap	N	12-8	If your dick has " the drip " you probably have the clap and need to go to the sex clinic .	Off in the distance , he heard the clap of thunder .
cut	V	5-0	Cut orders ;    cut a check	cut a ticket
head	N	9-3	Be careful when you pet that dog on the head ; it may bite .	he stuck his head out the window
resistance	N	6-8	he encountered a general feeling of resistance from many citizens	these trees are widely planted because of their resistance to salt and smog
run	V	2-4	I will run the sample .	Our coach had us running plays for the whole practice .
point	N	4-6	she walked to a point where she could survey the whole street	he held me up at the point of a gun
furniture	N	3-4	A chair is furniture . Sofas are also furniture .	they had too much furniture for the small apartment
voice	N	1-2	the voice of the law	the noisy voice of the waterfall
backup	N	12-3	After the power failure , we had to restore the database from backup .	he made a backup in case the original was accidentally damaged or erased
law	N	1-5	By law , one is not allowed to own a wallaby in New York City .	civilization presupposes respect for the law
classify	V	2-1	Should we classify " make up " as an idiom or as a phrasal verb ?	She classified the articles into different genres .
break	N	1-3	the break seems to have been caused by a fall	there was a break in the action when a player was hurt
strike	V	4-2	the opponent refused to strike	The boxer struck the attacker dead
have	V	0-1	have a lover	We had a hard year last year , with the locust swarms and all that .
strength	N	3-6	He had the strength of ten men .	they measured the station 's signal strength
close	V	7-2	The owners decided to move and to close the factory	My business closes every night at 8 P.M.
wave	V	5-1	she asked the hairdresser to wave her hair	She waved her gun
pocket	N	5-8	the trapped miners found a pocket of air	the battle was won except for cleaning up pockets of resistance
company	N	7-5	Keep the house clean ; I have company coming .	the house was filled with company when I arrived
statement	N	4-4	a Cadillac makes a statement about who you are	his tantrums are a statement of his need for attention
shoot	V	0-7	shoot a goal	In my round of golf yesterday I shot a 76 .
post	N	2-3	Sent via post ; parcel post	he occupied a post in the treasury
drive	V	0-1	drive the forest	We drove to the university every morning
give	V	0-3	give priority to	The French doors give onto a terrace
stock	N	4-1	they will cut round stock to 1-inch diameter	his stock was so high he could have been elected mayor
unravel	V	2-3	can you unravel the mystery ?	Mother could n't unravel the ball of wool after the cat had played with it .
optimization	N	3-2	to promote the optimization and diversification of agricultural products	the simultaneous optimization of growth and profitability
remember	V	0-1	remember me in your prayers	He remembered her in his will
deal	N	6-5	I did n't have a good deal all evening .	I believe it 's your deal .
use	V	6-3	He does n't know how to use a computer	I ca n't use this tool
extension	N	1-0	good extension comes from a combination of training and native ability	extension of the program to all in need
mean	V	1-1	I mean no harm	Happiness means everything
stiff	N	2-2	a working stiff	a lucky stiff
carry	V	4-1	I resent having to carry her all the time	We carry a very large mortgage
day	N	7-2	he was a successful pianist in his day	in the days of the Roman Empire
look	N	6-4	he went out to have a look	his camera does his looking for him
play	V	3-0	Charlie likes to play Mary	play water from a hose
make	V	0-1	make enemies	She made 29 points that day
raise	V	0-0	raise the price of bread	raise your ` o '
catch	V	2-2	did you catch a cold ?	If he catches you on the chin , you 'll be on the mat .
draw	V	1-1	I draw a line here	He drew great benefits from his membership in the association
expression	N	1-17	Her expression changed from joy to misery after realising her winning lottery ticket had expired .	The best poker players can tell if the opponents have a good hand by looking at their expression .
bolt	V	2-6	Do n't bolt your food !	Seeing the snake , the horse bolted .
move	V	1-2	To move in a matter	The soldiers moved towards the city in an attempt to take it before night fell
make	V	2-7	He will make a splendid father !	It was n't the problem some people made it
cover	V	0-0	cover the grave with flowers	cover the child with a blanket
view	N	6-7	he tried to get a better view of it	He changed seat to get a complete view of the stage .
pay	V	0-1	pay a visit	He paid off the loan three months early .
draw	V	7-0	A ship 's sail is said to draw when it is filled with wind .	draw a wagon
chain	N	1-6	A chain of mountains	The third link of the silver chain needs to be resoldered .
degree	N	3-3	he earned his degree at Princeton summa cum laude	there are 360 degrees in a circle
action	N	2-2	recent federal action undermined the segregationist position	the Union action of emancipating Southern slaves
beat	V	0-2	beat one 's breast	This sure beats work !
number	N	1-3	the number of parameters is small	he had a number of chores to do
hold	V	0-3	hold all calls to the President 's office while he is in a meeting	Elections will be held on the first Sunday of next month .
work	V	4-2	She knows how to work the system	The wine worked
fall	V	0-2	fall prey to an imposter	Her hair fell across her forehead
scale	N	1-6	the scale of the map	There are some who question the scale of our ambitions .
boy	N	3-4	she made the boy brush his teeth every night	the baby was a boy
write	V	1-4	Please write to me every week	Your son has been writing on the wall .
talk	N	3-4	there has been talk about you lately	I attended an interesting talk on local history
land	N	5-11	They come from a faraway land .	the plane turned away from the sea and moved back over land
lifesaving	N	7-5	I 'm normally a big fan of lifesaving , but in his case we can make an exception .	he took a course in lifesaving
make	V	0-0	make the bed	make up a room
deal	N	1-9	a deal of trouble	he rose to prominence through a series of shady deals
make	V	3-0	She may not make the grade	make clay into bricks
run	V	0-3	run through your presentation before the meeting	The sale will run for ten days .
cup	N	7-3	he swore as the ball rimmed the cup and rolled away	he drank a cup of coffee
light	N	8-10	I 'm really seeing you in a different light today .	Magoon 's governorship in Cuba was viewed in a negative light by many Cuban historians for years thereafter .
point	N	4-5	To fall off a point	The one with the most points will win the game
appearance	N	4-5	A person makes his appearance as an historian , an artist , or an orator .	it was Bernhardt 's last appearance in America
miracle	N	4-6	An example of a miracle associated with Muhammad is the splitting of the moon .	Many religious beliefs are based on miracles .
work	V	0-5	work your way through every problem or task	Start from the bottom and work towards the top
work	V	4-2	She knows how to work the system	This pilot works the controls
be	V	4-2	When will the meeting be ?	I have been to Spain many times .
line	N	4-4	the cast stood in line for the curtain call	they were arrayed in line of battle
gather	V	1-1	I gather you have not done your homework	I gather from Aunty May that you had a good day at the match .
grace	N	5-3	it was debated whether saving grace could be obtained outside the membership of the church	the victor 's grace in treating the vanquished
stand	V	3-1	We had to stand for the entire performance !	There stood on the corner a statue .
didacticism	N	1-1	the didacticism expected in books for the young	the didacticism of the 19th century gave birth to many great museums
enemy	N	1-5	the enemy attacked at dawn	Rally together against a common enemy .
bear	V	0-0	bear a heavy load	bear a resemblance
neighborhood	N	4-1	it is a friendly neighborhood	my neighborhood voted for Bush
tab	N	2-4	pull the tab to open the can	the collar has a tab with a button hole
treat	V	4-1	She was tempted to treat the whole affair as a joke .	I treated his advances as a joke
take	V	3-3	You ca n't take credit for this !	How should I take this message ?
draw	V	0-4	draw a weapon	The President 's comments drew sharp criticism from the Republicans
cost	N	2-1	The average cost of a new house is twice as much as t was 20 years ago .	the cost in human life was enormous
cut	V	0-1	cut a Ping - Pong ball	soap cuts grease
touch	N	5-9	this piano has a wonderful touch	Suddenly , in the crowd , I felt a touch at my shoulder .
make	V	0-0	make water into wine	make clay into bricks
act	V	3-3	think before you act	The governor should act on the new energy bill
difference	N	5-6	his support made a real difference	It just wo n't make much difference to me .
travel	N	1-7	Space travel	he enjoyed selling but he hated the travel
head	N	6-6	This song keeps going through my head .	the office was full of secret heads
drill	V	2-0	do n't drill here , there 's a gas pipe	drill for oil
movement	N	7-2	he was a charter member of the movement	The labor movement has been struggling in America since the passage of the Taft - Hartley act in 1947 .
osculate	V	3-2	these two surfaces osculate	one curve osculates the other
fire	N	5-0	put the kettle on the fire	fire was one of our ancestors ' first discoveries
credit	N	3-3	I give you credit for owning up to your mistake .	he was given credit for his work
raise	V	0-0	raise my salary	raise a sad cry
confidence	N	0-6	confidence is always borrowed , never owned	after that failure he lost his confidence
pass	N	2-4	A mountain pass	we got through the pass before it started to snow
business	N	3-5	a racially integrated business concern	he bought his brother 's business
field	N	3-7	he planted a field of wheat	There were some cows grazing in a field .
translate	V	2-5	Can you translate the instructions in this manual for a layman ?	Is there a need to translate the psychiatrist 's remarks ?
fiddle	V	2-7	The reporter fiddle with the facts	We found out that she had been fiddling for years
get	V	2-3	Let 's get down to work now	She did n't get the joke
appointment	N	4-1	He erred by the appointment of unsuitable men .	the appointment had to be approved by the whole committee
work	V	2-0	Can you work an electric drill ?	Work the metal into a sword
snap	N	5-4	he gave his fingers a snap	servants appeared at the snap of his fingers
raise	V	0-0	raise an army	raise your ` o '
work	V	4-7	He used pliers to work the wire into shape .	this unpleasant situation is n't going to work itself out
give	V	0-1	give a yelp	I gave him a punch in the nose
carry	V	2-2	These pipes carry waste water into the river	This paper carries a restaurant review
grate	V	0-1	grate one 's teeth in anger	To grate a window
work	V	3-0	He could not work the math problem	work one 's way through the crowd
draw	V	0-2	draw a weapon	A ship draws ten feet of water .
flatten	V	0-14	flatten your stomach with these exercises	As there was a lot of damage , we chose the heavy roller to flatten the pitch .
lead	N	3-5	he takes the lead in any group	they did n't follow our lead
certainty	N	4-1	his victory is a certainty	his certainty reassured the others
turn	V	4-18	the strong man could turn an iron bar	The hillside behind our house is n't generally much to look at , but once all the trees turn it 's gorgeous .
be	V	2-2	I shall be writing to you soon .	This building is three hundred years old .
number	N	4-3	he has an unlisted number	he had a number of chores to do
sanitize	V	0-0	sanitize the language in a book	sanitize a document before releasing it to the press
humor	N	5-11	she did n't appreciate my humor	you ca n't survive in the army without a sense of humor
one	N	3-6	this is the one I ordered	" driver " , noun : one who drives .
bank	N	3-2	he operated a bank of switches	a huge bank of earth
light	N	4-7	he stepped into the light	they played as long as it was light
form	N	4-7	the team was off form last night	he was at the top of his form
building	N	6-6	there was a three - story building on the corner	My sister lives in that apartment building .
train	N	4-3	they joined the wagon train for safety	the bride 's train was carried by her two young nephews
keep	V	2-0	Can I keep my old stuffed animals ?	Keep smiling
make	V	0-0	make a stir	make laws
break	V	0-0	break an alibi	break a lucky streak
turn	V	0-0	turn the dial to 10	turn your dance partner around
luck	N	1-2	the luck of the Irish	they say luck is a lady
life	N	6-9	She 's my love , my life .	he could no longer cope with the complexities of life
step	V	3-0	he wo n't step into his father 's footsteps	step over to the blackboard
shot	N	3-6	he wanted a shot at the champion	I caught him with a solid shot to the chin
catch	V	2-1	Did you catch the thief ?	he caught her staring out the window
air	N	7-7	open a window and let in some air	as he waited he could feel the air on his neck
hang	V	0-0	hang a door	hang the venison for a few days
grain	N	1-1	A grain of sand	A grain of salt
save	V	2-2	This will save you a lot of time	I 'll save you the trouble
head	N	5-7	tickets are $ 5 per head	We will consider performance issues under the head of future improvements .
pull	V	0-1	pull weeds	He pulled out his gun before she had a chance to scream .
block	V	5-0	The offensive linemen tried to block the blitz .	block an attack
make	V	3-0	What do you make of his remarks ?	make an estimate
drop	V	0-2	drop him from the Republican ticket	Stock prices dropped
travel	N	7-0	he enjoyed selling but he hated the travel	Travel to Spain
believe	V	4-1	Why did I ever believe you ?	She believes in spirits
place	N	3-1	he lost his place on the page	Grosvenor Place
fall	V	4-2	The hills around here fall towards the ocean	her weight fell to under a hundred pounds
raise	V	0-0	raise the question of promotions	raise the price of bread
hand	N	3-3	give me a hand with the chores	on the one hand ... , but on the other hand ...
go	V	2-2	We should go farther in this matter	His money went on drink .
carry	V	9-2	She always carries a purse ;    marsupials carry their young in a pouch	The motion carried easily
head	N	2-1	Tap the head of the drum for this roll .	a head of steam
make	V	3-0	She may not make the grade	make water into wine
receptiveness	N	1-6	this receptiveness is the key feature in oestral behavior , enabling natural mating to occur	he was testing the government 's receptiveness to reform
hold	V	0-1	hold in place	I hold with those who say life is sacred
view	V	0-0	view a show on television	view an exhibition
leave	N	4-3	a ten day 's leave to visit his mother	Might I beg leave to accompany you ?
turn	V	0-1	turn the corner	We turned from Socialism to Capitalism
bake	V	0-1	bake the potatoes	Potatoes bake to a crisp .
texture	N	6-4	fish with a delicate flavor and texture	breadfruit has the same texture as bread
school	N	5-7	Our children attend a public school in our neighborhood .	Harvard University is a famous American postsecondary school .
unit	N	6-4	the dollar is the United States unit of currency	The centimetre is a unit of length .
personification	N	3-5	she is the personification of optimism	The Grim Reaper is a personification of death .
interest	N	4-3	Victorian furniture is an interest of mine .	in the common interest
head	N	6-1	A reduction in the assessment per head of sheep	200 head of cattle and 50 head of horses
mouth	N	4-5	he rode into the mouth of the canyon	she wiped lipstick from her mouth
play	N	3-6	they gave full play to the artist 's talent	We saw a two - act play in the theatre .
carry	V	1-1	To carry well , i.e. to hold the head high , with arching neck	He carried himself upright
take	V	2-0	Do you take sugar in your coffee ?	Take a cookie !
substantiate	V	5-2	The president 's trip will substantiate good relations with the former enemy country	The painting substantiates the feelings of the artist
cut	V	6-0	The glass from the shattered windshield cut into her forehead	cut class
slot	N	7-6	the TV program has a new time slot	he put a quarter in the slot
represent	V	3-2	Ms. Smith will represent the defendant	our parents represented to us the need for more caution
work	V	4-5	This dough does not work easily ;    the soft metal works well	Start from the bottom and work towards the top
picture	N	4-4	he described his mental picture of his assailant	he had no clear picture of himself or his world
right	N	6-4	The pharmacy is just on the right past the bookshop .	he stood on the right
see	V	2-1	Can you see the bird in that tree ?	I saw her bake the cake .
feel	V	1-1	I feel that we need to try harder .	I felt my way cautiously through the dangerous business maneuver .
fall	V	0-6	fall into a strange way of thinking	Her hand went up and then fell again
law	N	3-1	there is a law against kidnapping	By law , one is not allowed to own a wallaby in New York City .
know	V	1-1	We know this movie	I know him under a different name
opening	N	3-4	there is an opening in the sales department	He slipped through an opening in the crowd .
size	N	3-8	that 's the size of the situation	she hates me , that 's about the size of it
break	V	8-6	My daughter 's fancy wedding is going to break me !	This play will either make or break the playwright
throw	V	6-1	Throw a shoe ;     throw a javelin ;     the horse threw its rider	She threw herself forwards
cut	V	2-3	The sweat cut little rivulets into her face	she could not cut the long days in the office
drag	N	4-7	peeling potatoes is a drag	he went to the party dressed in drag
take	V	0-0	take a pulse	Take a swipe at one 's opponent
now	N	5-0	it worked up to right now	Now is a good time to do it
spring	N	6-8	You can visit me in the spring , when the weather is bearable .	the emerging buds were a sure sign of spring
ground	V	0-2	ground the electrical connections for safety reasons	the storm grounded the ship
club	V	1-3	To club exertions	The two men clubbed together
carry	V	4-1	This boat can only carry a small sail	Amanda carried the package to New York .
development	N	8-5	in chess your should take care of your development before moving your queen	after he saw the latest development he changed his mind and became a supporter
make	V	0-1	make laws	She made ten points in that game .
shell	V	0-0	shell mussels	shell the legumes
strike	V	0-3	strike ` z ' on the keyboard	The horse finally struck a pace
fall	V	0-3	fall into a trap	The barometer is falling
return	N	2-2	on his return from Australia we gave him a welcoming party	the average return was about 5 %
make	V	0-1	make a dress	To make like a deer caught in the headlights .
order	N	4-5	it was on the order of a mile	an explosion of a low order of magnitude
see	V	4-2	The minister does n't see anybody before noon	I must see your passport before you can enter the country
side	N	5-5	he is on the purchasing side of the business	it brought out his better side
line	N	4-4	he got out of line	there is a narrow line between sanity and insanity
civilization	N	7-7	the people slowly progressed from barbarism to civilization	he is remembered for his generosity and civilization
term	N	2-2	the general term of an algebraic equation of the n - th degree	the major term of a syllogism must occur twice
time	N	3-3	See you another time ;    that 's three times he 's made the same mistake	he called four times
demand	N	4-1	the automobile reduced the demand for buggywhips	his demands for attention were unceasing
carry	V	1-2	I carry her image in my mind 's eye	His voice carried a lot of anger
see	V	2-1	You should see a lawyer	he saw action in Viet Nam
seize	V	1-2	To seize a ship after libeling	The terrorists seized the politicians
air	N	1-5	an air of mystery	the house had a neglected air
strike	V	0-2	strike coins	The workers struck for a week before the new contract went through .
array	N	6-4	his tools were in an orderly array on the basement wall	it was a bewildering array of books
run	V	3-6	let the dogs run free	My computer is too old to run the new OS .
straighten	V	0-0	straighten hair	Straighten this post
change	N	1-5	the change was intended to increase sales	The product is undergoing a change in order to improve it .
break	V	0-2	break a fall	His ribs broke under the weight of the rocks piled on his chest .
krona	N	1-4	Papīra krona — paper krona ( i.e. , bills , banknotes )	Piecas kronas — five krona
home	N	7-0	he grew up in a good Christian home	home is where the heart is
spray	V	0-0	spray water on someone	spray paint on the wall
sum	N	4-1	he borrowed a large sum	The sum of forty pounds
cut	V	1-1	We cut through the neighbor 's yard to get home sooner	Wayne cut
foot	N	4-3	armored from head to foot	the swiftest of foot
make	V	0-1	make advances	She makes more than he does , and works longer hours than he does , but she still does most of the house - cleaning .
block	V	0-0	block a nerve	block a muscle
slit	V	0-1	slit the throat of the victim	He slit the bag open and the rice began pouring out .
carry	V	1-1	I carry a lot of life insurance	I carry her image in my mind 's eye
lady	N	11-1	a chauffeur opened the door of the limousine for the grand lady	A lady doctor .
draw	V	0-10	draw a card	At the start of their turn , each player must draw a card .
make	V	3-2	They hope to make a bigger profit	She 'll make a fine president .
fatigue	N	1-5	political fatigue	he was suffering from museum fatigue
head	N	6-4	A reduction in the assessment per head of sheep	he was at the head of the column
time	N	7-3	he was a great actor in his time	he had a time holding back the tears
turn	V	0-0	turn your dance partner around	turn your face to the wall
floor	N	1-7	the floor of the cave	Many sunken ships rest on the ocean floor .
demand	V	1-2	I demand an explanation	This position demands a lot of personal sacrifice
beat	V	2-1	The boat beat in the strong wind	I beat the traffic
book	N	4-1	Genesis is the first book of the Bible .	the book of Isaiah
personification	N	5-3	The Grim Reaper is a personification of death .	she is the personification of optimism
language	N	12-3	the speed with which a program can be executed depends on the language in which it is written	The gift of language
buy	V	5-1	I 'm not going to buy your stupid excuses anymore !	Carmen bought a dress for $ 50 .
moon	N	5-5	men first stepped on the moon in 1969	the average distance to the Moon is 384,400 kilometers
facility	N	5-5	he was famous for his facility as an archer	a cell phone with internet facility
use	V	6-0	He does n't know how to use a computer	use your head !
go	V	0-1	go about the world in a certain manner	She went through a lot of trouble
run	V	6-4	If you see this man , run !	The crowd had to run away from the burning structure with only the clothes on their backs .
sense	N	1-3	a sense of happiness	in the best sense charity is really a duty
skin	N	1-7	your skin is the largest organ of your body	He is so disgusting he makes my skin crawl .
process	N	3-1	events now in process	the process of thinking
line	N	2-5	A dedicated line	I ca n't follow your line of reasoning
run	V	2-2	These dresses run small	The children ran to the store
flare	N	5-3	infection can cause a lupus flare	he threw a flare to the fullback who was tackled for a loss
vote	N	5-11	they are expecting a large vote	The Supreme Court upheld the principle of one person , one vote .
patch	N	6-6	The world economy had a rough patch in the 1930s .	I lost my locket in this patch of grass here .
quality	N	11-0	This school is well - known for having teachers of high quality .	Quality of life is usually determined by health , education , and income .
execute	V	2-0	I 'll execute your orders as soon as this meeting is adjourned .	execute the decision of the people
wharf	V	0-0	wharf the passengers	Wharf the mouth of the river
head	N	1-1	a head of lettuce	a head of cauliflower
presentation	N	3-8	he prepared his presentation carefully in advance	Cesarean sections are sometimes the result of abnormal presentations
summer	V	3-1	We like to summer in the Mediterranean .	We summered in Kashmir
head	N	4-3	he was at the head of the column	She gave great head .
get	V	2-3	did you get it ?	What did you get at the toy store ?
get	V	2-4	did you get it ?	I just do n't get him
go	V	5-2	The washing machine wo n't go unless it 's plugged in	The policemen went from door to door looking for the suspect
extend	V	0-2	extend the loan	The war extended over five years
check	N	10-6	I was not carrying cash , so I wrote a check for the amount .	he paid all his bills by check
withholding	N	3-5	I resented his withholding permission	there were allegations of the withholding of evidence
side	N	5-4	he was on the heavy side	A cube has six sides .
raise	V	0-0	raise from the dead	raise a protest
get	V	3-0	What did you get at the toy store ?	get someone mad
material	N	3-5	he was university material	she was vice - presidential material
air	N	0-7	air pollution	open a window and let in some air
price	N	1-7	what price glory ?	they say that every politician has a price
stay	N	3-4	a lengthy hospital stay	they had a nice stay in Paris
help	V	2-2	Can you help me carry this table ?	She never helps around the house
home	N	0-5	home is where the heart is	there 's no place like home
image	N	3-5	although her popular image was contrived it served to inspire music and pageantry	The number 6 is the image of 3 under f that is defined as f(x ) = 2*x .
check	N	2-2	Place a check by the things you have done .	Put a check mark in the box corresponding to the correct answer .
bit	N	5-7	A horse hates having a bit put in its mouth .	the horse was not accustomed to a bit
make	V	2-1	Do n't make this into a big deal	He makes a great host
rest	N	8-4	a body will continue in a state of rest until acted upon	The boulder came to rest just behind the house after rolling down the mountain .
language	N	0-1	language sets homo sapiens apart from all other animals	the language introduced is standard throughout the text
carry	V	2-1	These bonds carry warrants	Sound carries well over water
bed	N	6-5	My cat often sleeps on my bed .	he worked in the coal beds
make	V	0-0	make a move	make advances
drive	V	1-1	I drive to work every day .	We drove to the university every morning
business	N	0-0	business is good today	Business has been slow lately .
live	V	2-4	Can you live on $ 2000 a month in New York City ?	The holocaust survivors have lived a nightmare
loss	N	5-2	the company operated at a loss last year	a serious loss of business
sense	N	1-1	a sense of happiness	a sense of danger
trojan	N	4-12	the contents of a trojan can be a virus or a worm	when he downloaded the free game it turned out to be a trojan horse
lead	N	5-2	the children were playing with lead soldiers	the trail led straight to the perpetrator
call	N	3-5	the salesman 's call on a customer	That sound is the distinctive call of the cuckoo bird .
competition	N	5-11	The newspaper is featuring a competition to win a car .	The new stain remover was ten times more effective than the competition .
drive	V	0-1	drive a car or bus	She drives for the taxi company in Newark
length	N	1-1	a length of tubing	a length of timber
shame	N	6-13	The teenager could n't bear the shame of introducing his parents .	When I realized that I had hurt my friend , I felt deep shame .
keep	V	0-4	keep your cool	The abundance of squirrels kept the dogs running for hours .
appearance	N	4-4	David Beckham 's first appearance with the LA Galaxy at Giants Stadium against the New York Red Bulls last night drew a crowd of 66237 .	A person makes his appearance as an historian , an artist , or an orator .
window	N	1-3	Launch window ; window of opportunity	they had a window of less than an hour when an attack would have succeeded
set	N	7-3	his instructions deliberately gave them the wrong set	the subjects ' set led them to solve problems the familiar way and to overlook the simpler solution
sequence	N	7-1	he invented a technique to determine the sequence of base pairs in DNA	the sequence of names was alphabetical
outwardness	N	6-1	what is the origin of the outwardness of our sensations of sound , smell , or taste	the outwardness of the world
realization	N	2-4	a growing realization of the risk involved	the victory was the realization of a whole year 's work
hold	V	0-1	hold these truths to be self - evident	This holds the local until the express passengers change trains
run	V	2-1	the heifers run with the bulls to produce offspring	He ran his eyes over her body
shuck	V	2-0	Shall we shuck walnuts ?	shuck oysters
read	V	2-0	The gauge read ` empty '	read the advertisement
block	V	0-1	block an attack	He blocked the basketball player 's shot .
voice	N	14-2	O Marcus , I am warm'd ; my heart Leaps at the trumpet 's voice . —	A shrill voice sounded behind us
voice	N	1-5	the voice of the law	the Times is not the voice of New York
carry	V	1-2	To carry an account to the ledger	The jar carries wine
society	N	5-9	they formed a small lunch society	It was then that they decided to found a society of didgeridoo - playing unicyclists .
space	N	5-5	the astronauts walked in outer space without a tether	they stopped at an open space in the jungle
camp	V	4-3	The houseguests had to camp in the living room	Can we go camping again this summer ?
floor	N	1-1	the floor of the cave	The floor of a cave served the refugees as a home .
degree	N	4-3	murder in the second degree	he earned his degree at Princeton summa cum laude
side	N	5-3	it brought out his better side	John wrote 15 sides for his essay !
dozen	N	4-7	Can I have a dozen eggs , please ?	There should n't be more than two dozen Christmas cards left to write .
sake	N	2-3	for your sake	died for the sake of his country
take	V	4-1	This box wo n't take all the items	We took a pay cut
pain	N	4-5	the patient developed severe pain and distension	that kid is a terrible pain
consummate	V	12-0	After the reception , he escorted her to the honeymoon suite to consummate their marriage .	consummate a marriage
lift	V	2-0	You never lift a finger to help me !	lift an embargo
pull	V	0-0	pull your knees towards your chin	Pull the rope
suffer	V	17-2	I 've been suffering your insults for years ;    we hope you never have to suffer the same pain	Many saints suffered martyrdom
break	V	3-2	I had to break a $ 100 bill just to buy the candy	The wholesaler broke the container loads into palettes and boxes for local retailers .
present	N	4-5	he lives in the present with no thought of tomorrow	that is enough for the present
make	V	0-3	make merry	What do you make of his remarks ?
shade	N	6-8	after several trials he mixed the shade of pink that she wanted	I 've painted my room in five lovely shades of pink and chartreuse .
bear	V	0-0	bear news	Bear gifts
do	V	3-1	Will $ 100 do ?	We did 6 miles on our hike every day
mean	V	9-4	The sky is red this morning — does that mean we 're in for a storm ?	My ex - husband means nothing to me
make	V	0-0	make clay into bricks	Make a quorum
floor	N	8-5	we spread our sleeping bags on the dry floor of the tent	the fire spared the forest floor
pay	V	0-1	pay a visit	It pays to go through the trouble
work	V	4-2	He used pliers to work the wire into shape .	The medicine works only if you take it with a lot of water
make	V	0-7	make revolution	A good review by this critic will make your play !
turn	V	0-4	turn your dance partner around	The alchemists tried to turn lead into gold
work	V	4-2	She never did any work because she inherited a lot of money	His fingers worked with tension .
keep	V	1-0	I keep a small stock of painkillers for emergencies .	keep your cool
break	V	8-1	My daughter 's fancy wedding is going to break me !	I broke in the new intern
work	V	7-2	this unpleasant situation is n't going to work itself out	The medicine works only if you take it with a lot of water
head	N	6-1	they tracked him back toward the head of the stream	The head of the compass needle is pointing due north .
shag	N	4-3	the dog 's woolly shag	he bought a shag rug
load	V	0-1	load the camera	He loaded carbs into his system before the marathon .
grip	N	1-4	The grip of a sword	There are several good grips on the northern face of this rock .
make	V	0-0	make revolution	make love , not war
carry	V	1-2	To carry well , i.e. to hold the head high , with arching neck	The jar carries wine
seat	N	11-1	He sat on the arm of the chair rather than the seat , which always annoyed his mother .	The seat of a saddle
stretch	V	0-6	stretch the imagination	To enjoy the picnic , we stretched out on the grass
refer	V	0-1	refer a patient to a specialist	Christians refer to the mother of Jesus as the Virgin Mary
source	N	6-6	he spent hours looking for the source of that quotation	The accused refused to reveal the source of the illegal drugs she was selling .
view	V	0-0	view an exhibition	view a show on television
smoke	N	5-3	he showed batters nothing but smoke	it was just smoke and mirrors
say	V	1-3	Please say your name slowly and clearly .	I can not say ` zip wire '
feast	N	3-2	We had a feast to celebrate the harvest .	the Thanksgiving feast
ease	N	5-6	a life of luxury and ease	He passed all the exams with ease .
drive	V	1-3	You drive nails into wood with a hammer .	Their debts finally drove them to sell the business .
accept	V	1-3	We accept the idea of universal health care	People did not accept atonal music at that time
heart	N	5-5	the child won everyone 's heart	he stood still , his heart thumping wildly
beg	V	0-0	beg money and food	beg the point in the discussion
shower	N	7-3	the game was interrupted by a brief shower	he took a shower after the game
opinion	N	9-1	Every man is a fool in some man 's opinion .	his opinions appeared frequently on the editorial page
appearance	N	5-5	it was Bernhardt 's last appearance in America	the rookie made a brief appearance in the first period
run	V	0-2	run amok	Who 's running for treasurer this year ?
series	N	2-6	a comedy series	his coin collection included the complete series of Indian - head pennies
call	V	4-3	Why do n't you call me in the morning ?     Why do n't you call tomorrow ?	I tried to call you all night
consider	V	0-1	consider the possibility of moving	Please consider your family
body	N	8-7	Penny was in the scullery , pressing the body of her new dress .	they moved their arms and legs and bodies
protection	N	3-2	he made trade protection a plank in the party platform	insurance provided protection against loss of wages due to illness
see	V	13-3	They 're blind to the damage they do , but someday they 'll see .	We had to see a psychiatrist
liver	N	2-5	a high liver	I 'd like some goose liver pate .
block	N	9-4	The store is huge , occupying an entire city block .	he reserved a large block of seats
give	V	2-5	do n't give the child this tough meat	When they asked , I gave my coat .
notice	N	6-2	you did n't give me enough notice	an obituary notice
membership	N	3-2	they polled their membership	He has memberships in clubs in three cities .
field	N	8-5	anthropologists do much of their work in the field	The design needs to be field - tested before we commit to manufacture .
air	N	6-7	There was a tension in the air which made me suspect an approaching storm .	The flock of birds took to the air .
read	V	0-2	read the advertisement	Have you read Salman Rushdie ?
send	V	1-7	To send a message , or a letter	Every day at two o'clock , he sends his secretary out to buy him a coffee .
cover	N	1-6	the cover concealed their guns from enemy aircraft	the fox was flushed from its cover
volume	N	1-7	The volume of ticket sales decreased this week .	the gas expanded to twice its original volume
know	V	3-1	She does n't know this composer	I know him under a different name
fair	N	1-1	world fair	book fair
claim	N	1-5	his claim that he was innocent	evidence contradicted the government 's claims
head	N	1-3	12 head of big cattle and 14 head of branded calves	They shot 20 head of quail
hold	V	0-1	hold these truths to be self - evident	I hold him personally responsible
place	N	1-5	a place in my heart	a political system with no place for the less prominent groups
keep	V	0-2	keep my job for me while I give birth	The students keep me on my toes
leak	N	1-1	A leak in a gas pipe	A leak in a boat
heart	N	1-1	The heart and soul of any democracy is its electorate .	the heart and soul of the Republican Party
beat	V	0-2	beat the subway fare	The boat beat in the strong wind
see	V	2-2	I must see your passport before you can enter the country	I can see a risk in this strategy
break	V	0-2	break a circuit	The clouds broke after the heavy downpour
couple	V	4-2	Now the conductor will couple the train cars .	I 've coupled our system to theirs .
call	V	3-4	We could always call on a friend .     The engineer called round whilst you were away .	The mayor likes to call on some of the prominent citizens
make	V	0-0	make a move	make a phone call
take	V	0-2	take the gun from your pocket	Can you take this bag , please
stone	N	2-4	A peach stone	you should remove the stones from prunes before cooking
gob	N	5-4	She 's got such a gob on her – she′s always gossiping about someone or other .	He′s always stuffing his gob with fast food .
keep	V	1-0	I keep my specimens under glass to protect them .	Keep smiling
air	N	5-6	her hand stopped in mid air	he threw the ball into the air
drive	V	1-2	We drive the turnpike to work	The amplifier drives the tube
cut	V	0-0	cut bourbon	cut paper dolls
leak	N	1-1	A leak in a boat	A leak in a gas pipe
simplify	V	3-3	We had to simplify the instructions	this move will simplify our lives
think	V	1-0	Just think -- you could be rich one day !	Think what a scene it must have been !
see	V	3-1	We had to see a psychiatrist	he saw action in Viet Nam
make	V	0-0	make a mistake	Made a questionable decision
be	V	2-5	I shall be writing to you soon .	I would drive you , were I to obtain a car .
carry	V	0-2	carry a cause	Her voice carries very well in this big opera house
leave	V	0-0	leave the flowers that you see in the park behind	leave the young fawn alone
make	V	2-0	He will make a splendid father !	make one 's way into the forest
give	V	0-4	give one 's talents to a good cause	I 'm going to give my wife a necklace for her birthday .
lap	N	1-3	the lap of the shingles should be at least ten inches	the dog 's laps were warm and wet
loss	N	2-1	a serious loss of business	weight loss
set	V	0-0	set the table	set up an experiment
bear	V	0-2	bear a signature	interest - bearing accounts
time	N	4-3	When was the last time we went out ? I do n't remember .	See you another time ;    that 's three times he 's made the same mistake
tomorrow	N	0-5	tomorrow 's world	everyone hopes for a better tomorrow
mean	V	3-1	I did n't mean to knock your tooth out .	I mean no harm
lead	N	1-2	the lead was in the dummy	the trail led straight to the perpetrator
play	V	0-2	play safe	The fountains played all day
make	V	3-2	What do you make of his remarks ?	The branches made a roof
make	V	3-1	He did n't make the choir after his voice changed .	We made it !
carry	V	0-2	carry scars	The jar carries wine
drill	V	2-0	do n't drill here , there 's a gas pipe	Drill a small hole to start the screw in the right direction .
sum	N	1-4	The sum of forty pounds	he borrowed a large sum
break	V	0-3	break a lucky streak	I had to break a $ 100 bill just to buy the candy
attack	N	5-2	the film was sensitive to attack by acids	open to attack by the elements
carry	V	2-0	These bonds carry warrants	Carry all before one
side	N	9-4	he turned the box over to examine the bottom side	they painted all four sides of the house
leave	V	0-6	leave lots of time for the trip	At what time does your train leave ?
provide	V	9-2	Do n't bother bringing equipment , as we will provide it .	This procedure provides for lots of leeway
point	N	5-7	they sailed south around the point	The head of the compass needle is pointing due north .
pain	N	5-5	that kid is a terrible pain	Your mother is a right pain .
take	V	0-1	take the gun from your pocket	We took our seats in the orchestra
arouse	V	1-1	To arouse anger	To arouse compassion
make	V	6-3	You have to spend money to make money !	He did n't make the choir after his voice changed .
get	V	2-3	did you get it ?	It must be getting more serious
keep	V	0-0	keep open the possibility of a merger	keep my seat , please
coverage	N	3-13	the dictionary 's coverage of standard English is excellent	Before laying sod on that clay , the ground needs two inches of coverage with topsoil .
difference	N	1-5	the difference in her is amazing	his support made a real difference
nonprofit	N	7-3	If it was n't subsidized , the nonprofit would be bankrupt .	Employees of a nonprofit rarely make as much as greedy counterparts in the commercial world .
save	V	2-2	This will save money	This will save you a lot of time
break	V	2-2	Kids were break - dancing at the street corner	The wholesaler broke the container loads into palettes and boxes for local retailers .
union	N	4-4	lightning produced an unusual union of the metals	let C be the union of the sets A and B
failure	N	9-6	he felt that his entire life had been a failure	that year there was a crop failure
treatment	N	11-5	The change is due largely to the increased availability of antiretroviral treatment .	Cancer survivors who got radiation treatments as children have nearly twice the risk of developing diabetes as adults .
drop	N	3-1	there was a drop in pressure in the pulmonary artery	a drop of 57 points on the Dow Jones index
lift	V	0-1	lift the box onto the table	I lifted the books .
give	V	0-1	give a divorce	I gave him a very good chance at success
draw	V	0-0	draw steel	draw a line
chain	N	6-1	The third link of the silver chain needs to be resoldered .	A chain of mountains
concoction	N	6-4	she has no peer in the concoction of mystery stories	his testimony was a concoction
make	V	1-4	They make a cute couple	The company has been making toys for two centuries
serve	V	1-3	They serve a restricted role on the bench .	This table would serve very well
draw	V	1-7	To draw a memorial , a deed , or bill of exchange	They saw that the night was quickly drawing in , so they pitched their tent .
arousal	N	6-3	The animal undergoes regular spells of arousal	The mechanism for arousal from sleep
break	V	0-4	break a record	The lawn mower finally broke
hit	V	1-1	He hit a home run	He hit .300 in the past season
get	V	4-3	Her childish behavior really get to me	My children finally got me to buy a computer
tip	V	0-0	tip the screen upward	tip artichokes
analyze	V	0-0	analyze a sentence	analyze a specimen
leave	V	0-8	leave the flowers that you see in the park behind	The wound I got in my car accident left behind a massive scar .
source	N	3-6	Pittsburgh is the source of the Ohio River	he spent hours looking for the source of that quotation
levy	V	1-0	To levy a tax	levy a fine
stay	V	13-0	We stayed in Hawaii for a week .     I can only stay for an hour .	stay alone
force	N	2-1	may the force be with you	the forces of evil
block	V	0-0	block the graphs so one can see the results clearly	block a plate for printing
action	N	2-11	the Union action of emancipating Southern slaves	the United Nations must have the power to propose and organize action without being hobbled by irrelevant issues
loosen	V	1-6	To loosen a knot	After the Thanksgiving meal , Bill loosened his belt .
figure	N	4-3	He cut a sorry figure standing there in the rain .	he made a figure of Santa Claus
pull	V	0-0	pull a horse	pull weeds
carry	V	3-0	This land will carry ten cows to the acre	carry a cause
property	N	5-5	Charm is his most endearing property .	a study of the physical properties of atomic particles
work	V	4-3	He used pliers to work the wire into shape .	My personal trainer works me hard
home	N	5-0	there 's no place like home	home is where the heart is
keep	V	2-0	I always keep batteries in the freezer	keep food for a week in the pantry
cup	N	3-7	he drank a cup of coffee	he swore as the ball rimmed the cup and rolled away
play	V	0-1	play the stock market	They played games on their opponents
pop	V	0-5	pop the pizza into the microwave oven	The man charged with murder popped a valium to calm his nerves
turn	V	0-3	turn the heat down	This milk has turned ; it smells awful .
drink	V	6-3	No thanks , I do n't drink .	You 've been drinking , have n't you ?
ensure	V	4-2	This nest egg will ensure a nice retirement for us	Our exertions ensured a good outcome .
post	V	0-1	post a warning	To post someone for cowardice
prise	V	16-11	2004 : Most people used pliers , scissors , rubber gloves and knives to try to prise open products . — BBC News	C. 1925 : Come , force the gates with crowbars , prise them apart ! — Jack Lindsay , translation of Lysistrata
finish	N	9-4	the wine has a nutty flavor and a pleasant finish	excitement grew as the finish neared
note	N	3-3	he detected a note of sarcasm	there was a note of gaiety in her manner
movement	N	2-7	a broad movement of the electorate to the right	he was a charter member of the movement
court	N	7-7	The noblemen visited the queen in her court .	the king will visit the duke 's court
volume	N	7-4	the kids played their music at full volume	Please turn down the volume on the stereo .
devotion	N	1-1	the devotion of his time and wealth to science	their devotion to each other was beautiful
grace	N	8-4	I 'm so grateful to God for the grace that He has given me .	there but for the grace of God go I
lift	V	0-0	lift his ego	lift my spirits
crack	N	6-4	We managed to squeeze through a crack in the rock wall .	Open the door a crack .
have	V	3-5	I wo n't have this dog in my house !	The only girl who would have him was the miller 's daughter
thing	N	1-2	a thing of the spirit	a funny thing happened on the way to the ...
catch	V	0-0	catch the mood	catch fire
spring	N	6-6	he will hold office until the spring of next year	You can visit me in the spring , when the weather is bearable .
air	N	4-5	she was humming an air from Beethoven	her hand stopped in mid air
trouble	N	5-1	he got several girls in trouble	one trouble after another delayed the job
range	N	7-9	he dreamed of a home on the range	they used to drive the cattle across the open range every spring
foot	N	3-1	he followed on foot	the foot of the mountain
hold	N	3-4	Keep a firm hold on the handlebars .	the prisoner is on hold
pack	V	7-3	Such odd - shaped items do not pack well	This singer always packs the concert halls
lift	V	0-0	lift one 's eyes	lift potatoes
come	V	0-0	come down here !	come into the room
store	V	2-0	I 'll store these books in the attic .	store grain for the winter
take	V	2-1	Do you take sugar in your coffee ?	He takes the bus to work
keep	V	3-1	I can not keep track of all my employees	She keeps an apartment in Paris for her shopping trips
bake	V	1-3	Potatoes bake to a crisp .	She 's been baking all day to prepare for the dinner .
agonist	N	9-8	" when bending the elbow the biceps are the agonist "	when bending the elbow the biceps are the agonist
shame	N	3-6	one mistake brought shame to all his family	The teenager could n't bear the shame of introducing his parents .
circulation	N	1-4	ocean circulation is an important part of global climate	a fan aids air circulation
break	V	7-1	Is it your or my turn to break ?	Someone broke in while I was on vacation
break	V	8-3	My daughter 's fancy wedding is going to break me !	The will was broken
touch	N	5-2	this dish could use a touch of garlic	at his touch the room filled with lights
make	V	0-2	make my day	We barely made it to the finish line
field	N	3-8	he planted a field of wheat	A crop circle was made in a corn field .
youth	N	1-6	Her youth and beauty is what attracted him to her .	I made many mistakes in my youth , but learned from them all .
face	N	4-7	dew dripped from the face of the leaf	he looked out at a roomful of faces
analyze	V	0-0	analyze a chemical compound	analyze a sentence
school	N	2-8	the whole school turned out for the game	he did n't miss a single day of school
stuff	N	16-5	He did n't want his pockets to bulge so he was walking around with all his stuff in his hands .	the trunk was full of stuff
place	N	1-5	your place or mine ?	If you were in my place what would you do ?
fall	V	0-0	fall into a trap	fall asleep
replace	V	3-1	We need to replace the secretary that left a month ago	Mary replaced Susan as the team 's captain and the highest - ranked player in the school
classify	V	2-1	Should we classify " make up " as an idiom or as a phrasal verb ?	She classified the works as ' dangerous ' .
crash	N	1-1	the crash occurred during a thunderstorm and the system has been down ever since	his crash through the window
drill	V	0-0	drill for oil	drill a hole into the wall
interception	N	4-4	he resorted to the interception of his daughter 's letters	he claimed that the interception of one missile by another would be impossible
mechanism	N	1-1	the mechanism of infection	the mechanism of the ear
cover	V	3-0	Does my policy cover accidental loss ?	cover the meat with a lot of gravy
child	N	9-4	Go easy on him : he is but a child .	she writes books for children
come	V	0-3	come into the room	The first success came three days later
stretch	V	7-2	During the Inquisition , the torturers would stretch their victims on a rack	Let 's stretch for a minute -- we've been sitting here for over 3 hours
end	N	5-1	he came to a bad end	the end of town
stay	V	1-2	To stay a flat sheet in a steam boiler	The judge stayed the execution order
operation	N	2-5	a multinational operation	they had to consolidate their operations
trouble	N	6-4	I went to a lot of trouble	he won without any trouble
break	V	10-4	If the vase falls to the floor , it might break .	The patient 's fever broke last night
focus	V	12-1	If you 're going to beat your competitors , you need to focus .	We focused on what to do .
humor	N	11-5	you ca n't survive in the army without a sense of humor	she did n't appreciate my humor
dissent	V	0-2	dissent to the laws of the country	Several Republicans dissented
treat	V	4-1	She was tempted to treat the whole affair as a joke .	You treated me like a fool .
head	N	1-6	12 head of big cattle and 14 head of branded calves	A reduction in the assessment per head of sheep
scrap	N	5-4	she jotted it on a scrap of paper	there was not a scrap left
make	V	0-0	make advances	make a move
pay	V	0-0	pay attention to	pay an obligation
hardship	N	6-2	I can not think it a hardship that more indulgence is allowed to men than to women"- James Boswell	the many hardships of frontier life
have	V	3-1	What do we have here ?	He had an insulin shock after eating three candy bars
rotation	N	8-1	The medical resident finished a two - week rotation in pediatrics and began one in orthopaedics .	crop rotation makes a balanced demand on the fertility of the soil
peak	N	1-5	voltage peak	The stock market reached a peak in September 1929 .
hurl	N	1-3	A hurl of abuse .	He managed a hurl of 50.3 metres .
carry	V	9-2	She always carries a purse ;    marsupials carry their young in a pouch	The senator carried his home state
hold	V	1-0	I hold with those who say life is sacred	Hold the pencil like this .
carry	V	2-1	These pipes carry waste water into the river	Amanda carried the package from home to New York .
reaction	N	2-8	In this reaction , the acid and base will neutralize each other , producing a salt .	The announcement of the verdict brought a violent reaction .
stay	V	9-4	After the trial period , she was asked to stay on and work full - time .	After graduation , she stayed on in Cambridge as a student adviser
opening	N	4-1	there was a small opening between the trees	the opening established the basic theme
picture	N	2-3	the very picture of a modern general	she was the picture of despair
use	N	4-1	he warned against the use of narcotic drugs	The use of torture has been condemned by the United Nations ;    there is no use for your invention
wrestle	N	4-5	they had a fierce wrestle	we watched his grappling and wrestling with the bully
hegemony	N	12-1	to say they have priority is not to say they have complete hegemony	the hegemony of a single member state is not incompatible with a genuine confederation
energy	N	5-5	jogging works off my excess energy	Europeans often laugh at American energy
sex	N	2-2	We had sex in the back seat .	they had sex in the back seat
hold	V	0-3	hold your breath	This theory still holds
tell	V	2-1	He could tell that she was unhappy	She told him how he did it .
addition	N	1-4	the addition of cinnamon improved the flavor	he was a new addition to the staff
die	V	1-1	To die to pleasure or to sin	She died from cancer
touch	N	3-6	he got in touch with his colleagues	this room needs a woman 's touch
leave	V	0-0	leave it as is	leave the young fawn alone
take	V	2-0	can you take me to the main entrance ?	take a pulse
mount	V	0-2	mount a horse	The rider mounted his horse .
sex	N	2-6	they had sex in the back seat	All you ever think about is sex .
break	V	5-0	The book dealer would not break the set	break cigarette smoking
clearance	N	3-2	The plane got clearance from air traffic control , and we were off .	He got clearance to travel to America , even though he had previous links to terrorists
house	N	4-9	the children were playing house	she felt she had to get out of the house
breath	N	3-6	The child 's breath came quickly and unevenly .	he was fighting to his last breath
talk	V	9-4	Although I do n't speak Chinese I managed to talk with the villagers using signs and gestures .	They sat down to talk business .     We talk French sometimes .
field	N	7-3	There were some cows grazing in a field .	he planted a field of wheat
return	N	1-1	A return to one 's question	the return of spring
classify	V	3-2	How would you classify these pottery shards -- are they prehistoric ?	Should we classify " make up " as an idiom or as a phrasal verb ?
practice	N	4-3	It is the usual practice of employees there to wear neckties only when meeting with customers .	It is good practice to check each door and window before leaving .
head	N	1-2	the head of the page	under the head of minor Roman poets
slip	N	3-4	he blamed his slip on the ice	the jolt caused many slips and a few spills
line	N	6-4	you must wait in a long line at the checkout counter	he has a smooth line but I did n't fall for it
strike	V	4-7	the opponent refused to strike	in the fifth inning , the Giants struck , sending three runners home to win the game 5 to 2
carry	V	2-0	These pipes carry waste water into the river	carry the suitcases to the car
price	N	4-1	I paid a high price for my folly .	the price of gasoline
orient	V	3-3	We had to orient ourselves in the forest	Let me just orient myself and we can be on our way .
focus	V	1-0	Please focus on your studies and not on your hobbies	Focus on passing the test .
room	N	6-0	There was n't that much elbow room in the aircraft .	room to pass
flux	N	5-4	It is important to use flux when soldering or oxides on the metal will prevent a good bond .	his opinions are in flux
know	V	3-1	Does your husband know how to cook ?	She knows how to knit
close	V	0-0	close with the enemy	Close the door
part	N	6-6	they resisted every effort on his part	they analyzed the river into three parts
run	V	2-2	the heifers run with the bulls to produce offspring	Interest rates run from 5 to 10 percent
replace	V	3-1	We need to replace the secretary that left a month ago	He replaced the old razor blade
run	V	0-0	run a new program on the Mac	Run the dishwasher
patch	N	1-1	a patch of bad weather	a patch of clouds
umbrella	N	5-2	the Democratic Party is an umbrella for many liberal groups	under the umbrella of capitalism
inventory	N	3-1	they held an inventory every month	an inventory may be necessary to see if anything is missing
folk	N	4-2	they 're just country folk	Lots of folks like to travel during the holidays .
cut	N	3-6	everyone got a cut of the earnings	the barber gave him a good cut
skin	N	7-1	He is so disgusting he makes my skin crawl .	your skin is the largest organ of your body
make	V	0-0	make a phone call	make one 's way into the forest
shed	V	1-0	he shed his image as a pushy boss	shed your clothes
make	V	0-3	make revolution	He did n't make the choir after his voice changed .
cover	V	3-2	Does my policy cover accidental loss ?	The female covers the eggs
place	N	3-5	he overstepped his place	a political system with no place for the less prominent groups
connection	N	4-1	My headache has no connection with me going out last night .	The connection between overeating and obesity
break	V	0-9	break a record	On the hottest day of the year the refrigerator broke .
head	N	6-6	they tracked him back toward the head of the stream	At five years of age this head of cattle is worth perhaps $ 40
normalize	V	0-0	normalize the temperature	normalize relations with China
rub	N	6-5	he gave the hood a quick rub	Give that lamp a good rub and see if any genies come out
create	V	2-1	You can create the color orange by mixing yellow and red .	He created a new movement in painting
faith	N	2-2	I have faith in the goodness of my fellow man .	they broke faith with their investors
check	V	4-8	These stories do n't check !	Katie 's sick , so I need to check up on her and see if she needs anything .
invitation	N	3-3	she threw the invitation away	she was an invitation to trouble
business	N	7-5	a small mom - and - pop business	he bought his brother 's business
division	N	4-4	Magnolias belong to the division Magnoliophyta .	the BBC 's engineering division
take	V	0-2	take sick	He had taken this woman when she was most vulnerable
faith	N	2-2	keep the faith	they broke faith with their investors
disperse	V	0-3	disperse particles	The Jews are dispersed among all nations .
carry	V	3-2	He can not carry a tune	The airwaves carry the sound
make	V	0-1	make friends	She made as if to say hello to us
action	N	11-2	the United Nations must have the power to propose and organize action without being hobbled by irrelevant issues	the Union action of emancipating Southern slaves
strike	V	0-2	strike a medal	We will strike a medal in your honour .
take	V	0-2	take steps	Shall we take a guide in Rome ?
